D: What brings you here today?

P: I just had uh, well, it was just uh, I came from football practice I, uh, just felt like somebody fell on me while, like while I was on the ground and it's like, I've had this shoulder pain immediately afterwards and I can see a, like lump, um, kind of pointing out like in my skin here on my, on my, um, clavicle or shoulder bone.

D: Okay, is it the right side or the left side?

P: Uh, it's the right side.

D: The right side, okay. Um, okay, and how long ago did this happen?

P: It happened about, just a couple of hours ago. Yeah, just about 2 hours ago.

D: Okay, um. Um, did someone, did someone fall onto your side? Okay, uh, so, your main, are you having mainly pain in that, in that area, or is it going to other places? 

P: It's mostly just the pain like right in that area. I'm not feeling it anywhere else. 

D: Okay, and um, what kind of pain are you feeling? Is it sharp, stabbing, or is it aching?

P: It's really sharp. It feels like I'm, I'm getting stabbed in the shoulder.

D: Okay, I see, and on a scale of 0 to 10, 10 being the worst pain you've felt in your life, how much would you rate it?

P: Uh, this is like a 10. It hurts really bad.

D: Okay, and um, are able to do any movements, or are you just kind of holding your arm up with your other other arm?

P: I, yeah I've just been holding my arm up by, uh, I kind of made a sling out of, yeah, like the coaches helped make a sling out of one of the, uh, what we, like a shirt or something like that at the practice. And so I've been just kind of holding my arm against my chest with my elbow flexed. I haven't really moved it at all.

D: I see, okay. Um, and if you were to describe just what it looks like right now, does your shoulder kind of seem like it's sagging? 

P: Yeah it does.

D: Okay, and do you notice any point near your shoulder like clavicle area that has any bruising, swelling looks, like red? Anything like that?

P: Um, like maybe a little bit of bruising and swelling like over the area where I can see like my, my skin pointing up, but um, yeah, that's the only area.

D: Okay, I see. Okay. Any other symptoms, like any pain in any other joints, muscles?

P: No, just the pain right there.

D: Okay. Alright um, and uh, other than that, have you previously had any popped joints before?

P: Uh, I, no, I haven't. 

D: Okay, and no other trauma or anything in the same region?

P: No, I haven't had any pains there before or anything like that.

D: Okay, I see. Okay, um and have you been diagnosed with any medical conditions in the past?

P: Uh, no I haven't. 

D: Okay, alright, and did you hurt yourself anywhere else? Like did you hurt your head at all? Um, suffer any loss of consciousness or anything like that?

P: No, no, I, I didn't. I was kind of just like laying on my side and they fell like on my left shoulder and I, I just got squished.

D: Okay, and did it have any impact on your chest like you do you feel short of breath or anything like that?

P: No shortness of breath, kind of knocked the wind out of me at at first, but I'm okay now. 

D: Okay, I see, that's good. Um, okay, and other than uh, so no medical conditions? Do you take any medications at all?

P: Um, yeah, I'll take like uh, just some allergy medication every once in a while. When it's like, just seasonal allergies, I think to just some environmental triggers is all.

D: Okay, and and do you have any allergies to any medications at all?

P: Uh, no, I don't believe so.

D: Okay, anything that you've tried that has helped or made your pain worse?

P: No, I haven't, I haven't taken anything yet, I just uh, like basically came right from practice to the, to the hospital.

D: Okay, um, have you had any kind of fevers or chills?

P: No.

D: Any skin changes, like rashes?

P: No, I haven't had any rashes.

D: Okay, any weakness in your upper or lower extremities, besides like the area that's affected? 

P: No. 

D: No, okay. Um, any dizziness, fainting episodes?

P: Uh, no, nothing like that.

D: Okay, and your hearing and vision is alright right now?

P: It is, yeah. I haven't had any problems with that.

D: Okay, and have you had any kind of concussions or anything in the past?

P: Um, no, I haven't had any.

D: Alright. Uh, have you been hospitalized or had any surgeries in the past?

P: Um, no, not, not ever.

D: Okay. Any family history of any medical conditions?

P: Uh, no. No, nothing that I can think of. Everybody's pretty healthy.

D: Okay. Um, and what's your living situation like right now?

P: So I live with both of my parents and um, I have a younger brother and a younger sister as well. We live in a, in a house.

D: Okay, alright, and um, do you work currently? Or are you a student?

P: Yeah, I'm in high school and, um, I, I work part-time at the grocery store as well, but uh, it's not that often though, because I've just been been playing sports, on the football team, we have a lot of practices and games and stuff. 

D: Okay. Um, do you drink alcohol?

P: Uh I, sometimes I, with friends. Um, we've had a couple of beers here and, here and there, but I mean it's, it's not something that I've done very often. Yeah, we've been pretty safe, I feel like.

D: Okay, and do you smoke cigarettes or marijuana, or use any recreational drugs?

P: No, nothing like that.

D: Okay, alright, so those are all the questions I had for you today. We'll do a full physical examination of the area. Um, we, we will definitely get an x-ray of the shoulder and clavicle to see what kind of, it seems like you have a clavicular fracture from just the mechanism of the injury, as well as everything you were describing. Um, but it is important to understand how, like what kind of clavicle injury it is and where it's affected, if it's in the middle area, on like the outer areas of the clavicle, um, and how much it's displaced because that will determine if we just need to reduce it here, and then give you a sling, and then you can go home. That's usually the case, but sometimes you may require surgery as well, and we would need to refer you to an orthopaedic surgeon. So yeah, we'll, we'll get the x-ray done, and if you need anything for pain currently, we will give you some medications here, um and then we'll go from there. 

P: Alright, thank you.

D: You're welcome. Um, I'll be here with you shortly. 

P: That sounds good. Thank you so much.