D: What brings you in? 

P: I've just had a real like a real bad cough. Umm, it's been going on for 4 or 5 days now umm, and I'm just, I'm having some trouble breathing. I'm coughing up like gunky green stuff. Uhm, yeah, it's just really bad. I haven't had anything like this before.

D: OK, so when did the cough start?

P: About four or five days ago.

D: Four or five days ago. OK, and, uhm OK. So for 5 days, did you do have any shortness of breath with that?

P: Yeah, it's uh, I'm just I feel like I can't, can't quite like breathe fully.

D: OK, uhm you can't quite breathe fully, so like when you take a deep breath in, you can't expand your lungs fully. Is that what you mean?

P: Yeah, yeah, I just overall I just feel like yeah, I'm I'm short of breath. I guess that's the best way to put it.

D: OK, so you're short of breath. And how about wheezing? Do you have any of that?

P: I don't think so.

D: OK. So when did this start again? You said if a couple days ago or a few weeks ago.

P: I think it was four days ago.

D: Four days ago, OK, and did you have like a runny nose or stuffy nose at that point?

P: Maybe a little bit. I wasn't really thinking about it too much.

D: OK, uhm sore throat?

P: No, not a sore throat.

D: Not a sore throat, OK. Uhm, how about changes in your taste or smell?

P: No, none of those. 

D: OK. How about changes in your vision or hearing?

P: Uh, no. 

D: Fever, weight loss?

P: I feel like I've I've probably had a fever the last couple nights. I've just been really hot in the evenings. 

D: OK.

P: Yeah, I feel like I've had a fever. I don't know bout my weight. I don't weigh myself all the time.

D: Mhmm. 

P: But nothing like major. 

D: Any chest pain?

P: Feels a little like it hurts a little bit, like when I when I breathe in. 

D: OK. Uhm, do you ever feel like your heart's racing?

P: No, I don't think so. 

D: Alright, And any changes in your bowel movements?

P: No, no, that's all the same.

D: No bellyaches?

P: Nope. 

D: No bellyaches?

P: Nope.

D: OK, how about changes to your urine?

P: Uh, no. 

D: No, any dizziness or confusion?

P: No, uh no, not dizziness or confusion, but I have just been feeling very weak and tired. 

D: When you say weak, have you like lost any of your like motor movements like your arms, legs?

P: No, no, not like that kind of weak. I just have felt like very rundown.

D: OK.

P: Just like just fatigued like more than usual, yeah.

D: OK. Are you otherwise healthy or do you have any longstanding medical conditions? 

P: Uhm, I don't I don't have too much luckily, knock on wood. Uhm, I, I take a medication for my reflux. 

D: Mhmm.

P: And I did, I did have a knee replacement, five years ago.

D: OK. 

P: Other than that, like I don't, I haven't really been to the doctor for much.

D: OK. Uhm alright. Do you have something called COPD?

P: No.

D: No, OK. Uhm, are you on any medications?

P: Just that one for the reflux its uhm oh, it starts with an R. Uhm, Rabeprazole?

D: OK.

P: Yeah. 

D: Alright and are you up to date with all your immunizations?

P: Uh, yeah. 

D: Including like the pneumovax vaccine and the shingrix?

P: I had the shingrix the pneumo I think the doctor said we were going to look at that the next time I came in.

D: OK, sure.

P: So I I'm not sure I I know that I always say yes to these things, but I'm not sure because of Covid and stuff if I've been getting everything exactly on time.

D: Mhmm. OK, and how about uh, how about allergies? Do you have any allergies?

P: Oh, like uh, just seasonal. Not to any medications or anything.

D: OK. Uhm, have you been in touch with anyone sick recently around you?

P: No, like the only person I see is my husband. I guess him, and so he has a PSW that comes in to take care of him. He has a couple more problems than I do. So basically, we see I see him and her and we see we see our kids, but just like outside.

D: OK. OK and alright and then, uhm, have you traveled anywhere recently?

P: No, no

D: No, OK. Dietary wise, are you like eating healthy?

P: Yeah, yeah, I think so. I try to, you know, cook, you know, whole foods for us like lots of veggies and you know fish and good meat. Although in the past you know few days, I just 'cause I felt really rundown and fatigued, I haven't been eating as much as I normally do.

D: OK.

P: Otherwise, I think we pretty healthy I try to, you know, follow healthy recipes and find them online.

D: Yeah, for sure. Yeah, that's good. Do you, do you smoke? 

P: No, no.

D: No, OK, and any other recreational drugs?

P: No, never.

D: OK. Do you drink alcohol?

P: I'll have the occasional glass of wine on a special occasion, but not frequently and not, not heavily.

D: OK. And where do you live and who do you live with right now?

P: Uh, just me and my husband. We live outside of town. We live in the country on a little farm.

D: OK. Any old carpets or dust or mold or asbestos in the, in the home?

P: No, no we renovated probably 15 years ago, and there's no no more carpet, and there were never any asbestos problems or anything.

D: OK. OK, well I think those are all the questions that I had. Did you have any questions for myself?

P: I don't think so. I just I hope you know we can get this figured out.

D: Yeah, for sure. So we'll start with doing a Covid swab because you have some symptoms that overlap with it, so you should hear back in about 24 to 48 hours with those results. But it does sound like what you're telling me with the wet cough and you know a little bit of shortness of breath, I think it's worthwhile to get a chest x-ray to see if you might possibly have a pneumonia, and if you do, if there is some consolidation we'll probably prescribe some antibiotics for that. Umm, how does that sound to you?

P: Sounds great to me. Yeah, I just you know, hope there's nothing serious going on.

D: Yeah, yeah, and it shouldn't be. It's probably 1 something that's been going around in the community and you haven't had any recent hospitalizations or surgery, so I wouldn't worry about like any of those atypical bugs just yet.

P: OK, OK, that's good to hear.

D: Yeah, for sure. Well, uhm, thank you.

P: OK, thank you.

