D: How may I help you today?

P: Yeah I've had, a fever and a cough that started just like four days ago. 

D: OK, when did you, when did you start having your, so the cough started four days ago, what about the fever?

P: I think, like, last night was when I checked, it was high, like over thirty eight.

D: I see, OK. And, did you check your fever before that? The night before?

P: Yeah, I just checked it last night. I felt hot previously, but, I don't know, I thought I was going to just get better, but this morning still, well, feeling a bit a little bit worse.

D: OK, and the cough that started four days ago, has it been a dry cough or wet cough?

P: It's been dry. 

D: OK, so there's been no sputum or any, or blood?

P: No sputum or blood 

D: OK. Has it gotten worse over the past four days?

P: Uh, a little bit, yeah.

D; And, other than the fever and the cough, do you have any fatigue? 

P: Uhm, yes. 

D: We do, OK. Any muscle aches?

P: Uh, no.

D: OK, Sore throat?

P: No. 

D: Any difficulties breathing?

P: No. 

D: Any wheezing?

P: No.

D: Any chest pain or pressure?

P: No. 

D: OK, any runny nose? 

P: Yeah, my nose has been a little bit runny. 

D: OK, that started over the past four days as well?

P: Yeah. 

D: OK, what about pain in your belly?

P: No pain. 

D: OK, any diarrhea or Constipation?

P: Uhm, no.

D: Any nausea or vomitting?

P: No.

D: Any urinary symptoms? 

P: No. 

D: OK, any rash that you've noticed on your skin?

P: No.

D: Any changes in your sense of taste or your sense of smell? 

P: Uh, yeah, I haven't been able to smell as well.

D: You feel like you have a runny nose, but is it sort of congested?

P: Not really, it,  yeah, just kind of running, and yeah, I haven't been able to smell very well. 

D: OK, and do you have any past medical, any conditions, medical conditions?

P: Uh, depression and anxiety.

D: And have you had any surgeries in the past or hospitalizations?

P: Uhm, no 

D: OK, are you taking any medications, including over the counter pills?

P: I do take a multi-vitamin.

D: And, uh.

P: sorry I do take, um, I take, uh, an SSRI, Citalopram as well.

D: OK, that's good. OK, any allergies? 

P: No allergies 

D: OK, specifically allergies to medications?

P: Uhm,  yeah no, no medications, I don't think so.

D: Good, ok, and do you currently smoke or have you ever smoked in the past? 

P: Uhm, I smoked when I was in high school very briefly, but I haven't smoked anything in the last twenty years.

D: Alright, do you consume marijuana?

P: Uh, we'll use edibles every once in a while. I buy them from the, like, I guess government store, OCS.

D: I see, OK, any recreational drugs?

P: No, 

D: OK, and do you currently live alone or do you live with others?

P: I live with others, I live with my girlfriend, and a dog.

D: OK, and has she been sick or have you been in contact with anyone who's been sick recently?

P: Uh, she just came back from a work trip. I've been working from home but she was, uhm, in Saskatchewan, and just got back last week.

D: OK, and has she had any symptoms?

P: She's been fatigued since coming back, but I mean, we thought that was maybe just from the travels, but, maybe not.

D: Has she been quarantining, or are you both spending time together?

P: Well, we've been, I mean, trying to distance in the home, but I mean, we've been living together in an apartment so.

D: Fair enough, fair enough. OK, have you had any travels?

P: No, I've been working from home.

D: OK, alright, and uh, any, you don't have any asthma or COPD or any lung conditions, right?

P: Right, I don't have anything like that.

D: OK, and, any conditions that run in your family? 

P: Uhm, no, nothing that runs in the family.

D: Alright, OK, so if I understand correctly, you've been feeling tired and you've had a cough and a runny nose and changes in your sense of smell for the past three or four days and you also were feeling a little bit hot and yesterday you noticed that you had spiked a high fever. Is there anything that I'm missing?

P: No, I think that covers all the symptoms.

D: And you might have potentially had, some exposure through your girlfriend potentially, so it's possible that, well, it's possible that you just have a cold, but it's also,  we'll still have to rule out covid as a cause, and so we'll have to do a covid swab and go from there and we'll check your temperature here as well. Just, uh, I think something that I forgot to ask, have you taken any medications that has helped you with your symptoms?

P: Uh no, I haven't taken anything.

D: OK, alright, well, thank you, I'll go talk to my attending and we'll come back and discuss this further with you.

P: That sounds great. Thank you.