D: What brings you in?

P: Hi there, I, I've had this cough that started um, three days ago, and over these past couple of days, I've just been really achy all over and so, I've had a headache as well.

D: Okay, well I'm sorry to hear that you're not feeling well. Um, the cough, when did that start?

P: Yeah, so that, about three or four days ago um, it started to come on, yeah.

D: Okay, and then how about the headache?

P: That's been more in the last two days.

D: Two days, okay, and then the uh, muscle ache?

P: Yeah, it's been there for about two, yeah about two or three days. I wake up in the morning and I've been feeling like really fatigued and achy.

D: Um, the cough, is it dry or you're bringing up phlegm?

P: It's, it's dry, but it's gotten a little bit worse since it started. It's just been happening more often.

D: Okay, and does it sound harsh?

P: Uh, maybe a little bit, yeah.

D: Okay. Is it getting worse do you think? 

P: Yeah, I think so.

D: Okay, are you experiencing any shortness of breath along with the cough?

P: Uh, a little bit after, um, if I have like a coughing fit that's bad enough, but um, for the most part, I've been okay.

D: Okay, any wheeziness? 

P: Um, no.

D: No. Chest pain? 

P: No.

D: Okay. Do you ever feel like your heart's racing?

P: No, I haven't felt like that.

D: Okay. Um, any dizziness or fainting spells?

P: No. 

D: Uh, numbness or tingling?

P: No.

D: Uh confusion or memory loss?

P: No.

D: This headache, is it always there?

P: These past couple of days, yeah, it's kind of, it, it's been there. It's been a little bit more mild after using some Tylenol or Advil to help settle it down, but I just have this, yeah, achiness in the front, front of my forehead and kind of sides of my head.

D: Yeah um, sides of your head, okay. And 1 to 10, 10 being the worst pain you've ever felt, how, how would you rate it?

P: A 4.

D: A 4 okay, so it's not the worst headache you've ever had in your life?

P: No, it's not that bad, it's just been pretty annoying.

D: Yeah um, okay. And have you like, do you usually get headaches?

P: Not really it, yeah I don't get them that often. I guess they come when I, I, well, get sick.

D: Okay yeah, that makes sense. Um, have you had any fevers recently?

P: Um, I have felt a bit hot um, and, but I, I didn't check my temperature and um, yeah.

D: Okay. How about weight loss, have you experienced any weight loss recently? 

P: No, I've been, my weight's been pretty stable.

D: Okay. Um, any rashes? 

P: No, I haven't noticed any rashes. 

D: Okay, um, and any changes in your hearing or vision?

P: No.

D: Runny nose or stuffy nose? 

P: No.

D: Sore throat?

P: Um, yeah, now that you mention it, I have had a little bit of a sore throat as well. Hasn't been too painful with um, like swallowing uh, foods or anything like that. It's kind of worse in the morning and it's not so bad later on. 

D: Okay um, alright. How about changes in your smell or taste?

P: No, nothing like that.

D: Um, changes in your bowel movements?

P: No, I've been uh, regular. 

D: Okay um, and then nausea or vomiting?

P: Nope, I haven't had anything like that.

D: Okay um, changes in your urine?

P: No, I've had UTIs, like one or two in the past, um, so I know what that's like. So yeah, everything's been normal.

D: Okay, good. And are you otherwise healthy or do you have any longstanding medical conditions? 

P: Uh, I have asthma, which I will like, asthma and allergies, and I'll use um, just Ventolin for that every like once in awhile, but it hasn't bugged me too frequently.

D: Okay. Um, do you also take anything else for that asthma or is it just the Ventolin that use?

P: Yeah just Ventolin.

D: Okay. Have you had any hospitalizations or surgeries in the past?

P: No, well I, I've had my, my wisdom teeth taken out and, actually yeah I had my tonsils out as well when I was 12.

D: Okay. Um, are you on any medications besides Ventolin?

P: Yeah I, I currently, I think a birth control.

D: Okay, how long have you been on that for?

P: Uh, since high school, so I, yeah since I was 18 so eight years.

D: Okay, and um, are you up to date with all your immunizations?

P: I am, yeah. I get the flu shot every year.

D: Okay, okay, good. Any allergies?

P: Uh yeah, to cats and um, like, I think environmental triggers. No medicines.

D: No medicines, okay. Any family history of lung or heart diseases?

P: Um, my grandfather had, had a stroke when he was in his 70s and um, but he was like, a smoker and a drinker, and didn't really look after himself very well unfortunately, and uh, but that's about it.

D: Okay, um and do you smoke?

P: No, I don't 

D: No, okay. Any other recreational drugs like marijuana, cocaine, heroin or anything like that?

P: No, I don't use anything like that.

D: Okay. How about um, alcohol, do you drink?

P: Yeah, sometimes, I'll have a or maybe a cocktail on the weekend, or um, a glass of wine with dinners.

D: Okay. Are you currently sexually active?

P: I am, yeah with uh, with my boyfriend. Um, we use uh, condoms as well.

D: Okay, so you use both condoms and you're on birth control so, okay good, that's a lot of protection. Um, how long have you two been together?

P: Um, uh six months. 

D: Okay, okay, good. And um, any sick contacts recently?

P: Um, not that I'm aware of.

D: No, okay. Any travel recently?

P: Nope, just been um, going to, or just been doing online uh, classes. I'm finishing up my masters right now.

D: Okay, okay wow, congrats. 

P: Thank you.

D: Um, and where do you live and who do you live with?

P: Yeah, so I live in an apartment downtown here um, just with uh one of, one of my friends who's a roommate. 

D: Okay, and is everyone at home healthy?

P: Yeah, she hasn't had any any symptoms, any symptoms either. 

D: Okay. Okay, well those were all the questions that I had for you. Did you have any questions um, or anything that you wanted to bring up that I haven't covered?

P: No, that's it. I was just uh, I mean concerned about COVID. I've been hearing about this new variant and stuff on the news so, a little bit worried. 

D: Yeah for sure. We will definitely um, take a swab from you today and we'll see um, what the results are. You should hear back in about 24 to 48 hours, but in the meantime you should self isolate for 14 days um, and if it's not COVID, if that comes back negative, and um yeah, some of your symptoms also sound like other typical viral symptoms, so you could have one of the common strains that's going around this time of year. So for that just, it's um, you should just um, do some supportive care, you know, staying hydrated, eating well. And if your symptoms become worse, uh, you're running a really high fever, you have any neurological symptoms like weakness or seizures, then you should seek help from the ER. How does that sound?

P: That sounds good. Thank you.

D: Okay great, thank you.