D: Can you just tell me a little bit about what brings you in here today? 

P: Yeah, I I have a cough.

D: OK, and uh, what kind of cough is it like a dry cough? Or is it more like productive cough?

P: I always seem to bring up some gunk on my when I cough.

D: OK, and what what colour is this gunk? 

P: It's green, sometimes yellowish.

D: OK, and have you noticed at all any kind of blood in the cough?

P: Well, no blood.

D: No, OK, and how much of the gunk or the sputum would you say you bring up every day?

P: Uh a couple of kleenexes. Um, I'll use, but so not that much. 

D: OK. an and when did this start?

P: It's really hard to say I've had a cough for the past few years now, but I feel like it's getting worse.

D: OK, and is your cough just constant or does it come and go?

P: I do cough throughout the day, but I find it's worse in the morning. 

D: OK, and is there anything that brings on your cough?

P: I can't think of anything that triggers the cough, just worse when I get up in the morning.

D: OK. And you mentioned you've been having this cough over the past few years. Has it been getting worse at all?

P: Yeah, I would say the coughs were getting worse the last few years. Slowly though.

D: OK, and have you had any previous episodes of this cough with sputum like gunk, gunky material before? 

P: Yeah, I've been having this ongoing for the last few years.

D: OK And is there anything that you do or have tried that's made your coughing get either better or worse?

P: If I take a deep breath, then it seems to make the cough worse and uh nothing really helps the cough go away though.

D: OK, um and other than that, have you been having any other symptoms, like a runny nose, sore throat, difficulty breathing, anything like that?

P: Uh, no.

D: OK, and have you recently traveled outside of the country?

P: I haven't traveled anywhere.

D: OK, and have you noticed any other symptoms like fevers or chills?

P: No fever and no chills.

D: OK, any night sweats?

P: No night sweats.

D: OK, any increased fatigue or just feeling tired overall?

P: Yeah, these last few months by energy has been low. I I've been feeling a lot more tired than usual. 

D: OK, and have you noticed at all any kind of swelling in your hands, feet, ankles?

P: Uh, I think they're always a little swollen, but I might have just gained a few pounds over the years.

D: OK and, have you been having any palpitations like a racing heart or any chest pain at all?

P: Um, no chest pain.

D: OK, and how about shortness of breath?

P: Um. I only have trouble breathing if I walk a few blocks or go up a few flights of stairs into my apartment.

D: OK. Have you been having any kind of urinary issues?

P: Ummm only at night time I seem to have to get up a lot to use the bathroom. 

D: OK, and how about your bowel movements, any constipation or diarrhea?

P: Um no bowel issues.

D: OK and have you been getting enough sleep?

P: Uh yeah I would say or sorry no my sleep has been has been poor

D: OK, and do you find that you wake up during the night to take a breath or anything like that?

P: No, I haven't had to wake up in the middle of the night short of breath or anything like that.

D: OK, and do you ever have to use a multiple pillows?

P: Um no I just used one pillow.

D: OK. And have you noticed you've had any significant weight loss or weight gain in the last few few months? 

P: Um I maybe lost 5 pounds in the last few months. I wasn't even, I haven't been trying to lose weight but doesn't hurt though as I've I've gained a few pounds over the years so I don't mind.

D: And how is your appetite been like?

P: Uh appetite's been good I feel like I've been eating normally.

D: OK. And have you had any recent infections at all?

P: No recent infections.

D: OK and I think I mentioned this before, but any know any runny nose sore throat, any of those viral symptoms?

P: Um, no runny nose, no sore throat, been feeling good.

D: Awesome, and have you had have you been exposed to anyone with tuberculosis in the past?

P: Um no, I actually had a tuberculosis test for work and it was normal.

D: OK. And have you been diagnosed with any medical conditions at all, like high blood pressure, diabetes?

P: Um my blood pressure has been high and that was diagnosed in the last few years.

D: OK. And do you take any medications for your blood pressure?

P: Yes, I take um, Lisinopril.

D: OK and do you have any allergies to any medications at all?

P: Nothing I can think of.

D: OK, and have you been hospitalized at all before?

P: Uh, no.

D: And do you have any ill contacts near anyone that has been sick around you recently? 

P: No ill contacts. And sorry I for hospitalizations I I did have a c-section for the birth of my daughter and I was in the hospital for a few days for that. 

D: OK, but nothing else? 

P: No. 

D: OK and have you had any other surgeries other than your c-section?

P: No just the c-section.

D: OK, in terms of your family history has anyone had any cardiovascular issues or any cancers?

P: Uh, my father had a heart attack when he was 78. And um he unfortunately passed away from it, but had no cancer in the family.

D: OK, any like asthma in the family?

P: Not that I can think of. 

D: OK, and currently, where do you live? Do you live in apartment, in a house? 

P: I live in an apartment with my husband and our daughter.

D: OK, and do you currently work?

P: Yeah, I I work at the local grocery store. 

D: OK. And just in your daily routine, how would you say, how is your diet and exercise like?

P: Um diet I'll usually eat one or two meals a day and sometimes snack throughout the day as well but we eat a variety of meats and vegetables, and so I think our diet is pretty good. But exercise don't have time for for that currently. 

D: OK, and do you use any recreational drugs like marijuana?

P: Um noo, I would never use that.

D: OK, how about alcohol?

P: A glass of wine. I have three or four nights a week.

D: OK, and is it like a full glass of wine or like just, how much would you say? 

P: Glass of Wine is for me. I would say is like 5 or 6 ounces like a typical glass of wine.

D: Do you smoke at all? 

P: I do smoke cigarettes, yes. 

D: OK, and how much are you smoking an average day?

P: Um over a pack, one to two packs of cigarettes per day for the last nearly 40 years.

D: OK OK alright.