D: I was wondering if you could tell me what brought you in?

P: Sure, I've been coughing for the past three days and it I can't seem to stop. It's affecting my sleep, so I just really like to get this fixed.

D: OK, ah is the cough, with the cough have you been bringing up any sputum?

P: No, it's it's dry. It's very dry.

D: OK, have you brought up any blood?

P: No no blood.

D: OK and the cough started three days ago. Has it gotten worse, gotten better, stayed the same?

P: Ah you know, it seems to be getting worse, and now I even feel hot like I have a fever or something.

D: I see. Is there any triggers associated with the cough like going outside into the cold, smoke inhalation or or dust or pets?

P: Um, no, not that I noticed.

D: OK, have you tried anything to you help with the cough?

P: I tried over the counter cough syrup, but it's it's not helping.

D: OK, and you mentioned the coughs interrupting your sleep. Has is the cough constant all day or are there particular times of the day that it's worse?

P: It's just all day.

D: Let's see OK, Um, and you mentioned that you started to feel hot when when did you notice that?

P: That was just today.

D: Just today, have you taken your temperature?

P: No, I haven't. 

D: OK, and have you been experiencing any other symptoms?

P: Mmm. I've been really tired but I don't know if that's because I can't get any seem to get any sleep.

D: Well, because the coughs been keeping you up OK. Um, so have you had any headaches?

P: Maybe a slight headache, but also I'm not too sure if that's because I've been coughing and it's putting strain on my head.

D: OK, how about any discharge like mucus or tears from your eyes or ears?

P: No, nothing like that.

D: OK, how about any pain around your eyes or ears?

P: No.

D: OK, have you had a runny nose?

P: Mmmm, no no. 

D: Alright. And within the last month or so, have you had any cold like symptoms with a runny nose, headache, sore throat, and or a cough?

P: Ah no. 

D: OK, so it's just been these last few days?

P: Yes. 

D: Um, alright, and do you have a sore throat now?

P: Um, no.

D: OK and, and how is your appetite been?

P: My appetite's been OK. I also it's just hard to eat because I'm coughing so much.

D: OK, have you had any troubles with swallowing, like being painful?

P: No, well, no no. I would say no.

D: OK, um an in the last several months. Have you had any weight loss?

P: Um no weight loss. 

D: Alright, and have you had any chills?

P: Maybe a little bit last night now that I think about it.

D: OK, and how about any night sweats?

P: A little bit last night.

D: OK, so you were a bit chilly and and then sweaty late last night?

P: Yes, a little bit.

D: OK and feeling hot today?

P: Yeah.

D: Have you had any chest pain?

P: Um no, no chest pain no. 

D: Alright, and how about shortness of breath?

P: No.

D: Alright, any wheezing?

P: No. 

D: Alright, and have you had any instances where you felt as though your heart was racing or beating out of your chest?

P: No.

D: Alright, and any instances where you felt like you were gonna faint, or maybe blackout?

P: No.

D: OK and, have you felt dizzy at all?

P: Um no, no dizziness.

D: Alright and have you had any loss or of your sense of taste or loss of your sense of smell?

P: Um no. 

D: OK. And have you had any diarrhea?

P: No diarrhea.

D: Alright, and then how about any nausea or vomiting? 

P: No.

D: OK um. And so you have been fatigued? Have you had any muscle aches or or body aches?

P: A little bit of both, yeah.

D: I see OK and have you had any painful urination or feeling the need to urinate frequently?

P: No. 

D: OK, and any skin rashes or or skin changes?

P: Ah no.

D: Alright, um in regards to your past health. Have you been diagnosed with any medical conditions before?

P: I have hypothyroidism.

D: I see OK and um, are you taking any medications for that?

P: I'm on Synthroid.

D: OK, great, when was your last TSH checked?

P: I believe I did it six months ago.

D: OK, and were there any concerns with the range at that time?

P: No, I think it was normal.

D: Alright excellent, do you take any other medications or over the counter?

P: I I take this multi vitamin. I can't remember the name of it, but it's just something that I take every day.

D: OK, any any allergies to medications?

P: No.

D: Alright, and have you had any surgeries before?

P: Um, I had my appendix removed when I was a teenager.

D: OK, and any complications with that surgery? 

P: No.

D: Alright, um so next I was wondering if you could just tell me a little bit about your living situation?

P: Sure, I live with my husband and two children who are both teenagers. I, we live in a in a townhouse, and we moved recently.

D: OK, and anybody in the home been sick?

P: My husband has been throwing up for the past two days and I think he was feeling a little hot too.

D: OK, has he been assessed by a physician?

P: No, I tried to bring him today, but he refused. 

D: I see OK. Has he been around anybody who's been sick that you're aware of, like at work or anything?

P: He works at this IT company. There aren't a lot of them and they all have their own cubicles, so you know, maybe in the lunch room or something, but other than that, I don't think so.

D: OK, and how about yourself? Any other exposures or sick contacts or maybe at work or something like that?

P: Um so I do marketing stuff online, but I I work from home. 

D: OK. Um and your kids have been well?

P: Oh yeah, they've been. They've been healthy.

D: Alright. And do you smoke cigarettes?

P: No.

D: And do you drink alcohol?

P: I'll have a glass of wine with dinner once in awhile. 

D: OK, do you and what's once in awhile?

P: Maybe every three or four days.

D: OK, so a couple of drinks per week? 

P: Yeah.

D: Alright, and do you smoke marijuana?

P: I have smoked marijuana. I don't regularly do it.

D: No, OK, um and do you use any other recreational drugs?

P: No.

D: OK um and has anybody in the family had a lung condition or or a heart condition before?

P: My sister, who's 15 years older than I am, she had a heart attack quite recently.

D: Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. Do you know what happened?

P: Um, you know, I'm not too sure she doesn't always eat the healthiest, and she doesn't do a lot of exercise. So I think maybe that had something to do with it.

D: OK, um and did your parents have any heart problems?

P: No, they were both healthy and they passed away a few years ago, but they died of old age, I guess you can say.

D: OK. Any cancers in the family?

P: No.

D: Alright so I think that's all I wanted to cover on the history today. Was there anything that you wanted to tell me I maybe didn't ask?

P: Um no, I was just curious if you think I had COVID?

D: Certainly one of the top things that I'm considering after hearing about your symptoms of having this cough and fever and being tired these last few days, especially with your husband being sick with nausea, vomiting, and not feeling well. That being said, it could be another type of viral illness, or possibly a bacterial infection. But certainly we will order some investigations, some blood work, a PCR nasal swab that will actually test for COVID as well as a chest X Ray to start with. Um and we will wait for some of those results to come back. 

P: OK, yeah, that sounds good.

D: Alright, so we'll get that started.

P: OK, thank you.

