D: What brings you in?

P: Hi, I'm just coming in here today because I've been just on wall recently over the last, I would say three to four days. I started getting these like really bad muscle pains all throughout my body and then over the past few days I've also been feeling chilly, so uhm, I wonder if I have a fever and I've also just been having this cough for the last few days as well.

D: OK, what started first?

P: I think the muscle pain started first and then it was the coughing then since yesterday, I think I might have a fever as well.

D: OK. The cough started ,or the muscle aches started first. Was that two days ago, three days ago?

P: Almost four days ago now.

D: Four days, OK, and the cough started when?

P: Cough started three days ago.

D: OK, OK. Uhm before the muscle aches started, did you like do anything different in your life, like you know, do a lot of exercise or any other strenuous activities?

P: No, I I haven't really changed my routine at all.

D: OK, and where specifically like wha, which muscles ache?

P: Pretty much like throughout my body, but I would say more so like upper back, my thighs, then my arms, yeah, kind of just all over.

D: OK any joint pains as well?

P: Uh, no, I don't think so.

D: OK. And is it hard for you to walk like use your arms? Do you have any sort of like motor weakness?

P: Uhm, it's not, I I can walk and there's no issues, but I I do feel like just overall general weakness. I don't know if that's to do with the pain or just feeling unwell.

D: OK, so you're able to do those things. You just feel like maybe you're tired?

P: Yeah.

D: OK. Any numbness or tingling?

P: No. 

D: No, OK. The cough, is it a dry cough or like productive cough? Are you bringing up phlegm?

P: It's a dry cough.

D: A dry cough, OK. Uhm, so no sputum or blood, right? 

P: No. 

D: OK, and you have a runny nose or stuffy nose?

P: Uh, no.

D: Sore throat?

P: No. 

D: Shortness of breath?

P: No.

D: No, OK. Wheeziness? 

P: No. 

D: OK, any fevers?

P: And I have been feeling chilly over the last few days, just, I have been wearing like multiple layers having to put on an extra blanket so I might have been having a fever.

D: OK, but you haven't taken your temperature, right?

P: No.

D: OK. Any weight loss?

P: No.

D: Changes in your hair, nails or skin like rashes?

P: Not that I've noticed.

D: OK. Changes in your vision or hearing?

P: No. 

D: Taste or smell?

P: No. 

D: Chest pain?

P: Oh sorry. Now that you mention I, I think taste a little bit today, I realized I was I wasn't really able to taste my breakfast.

D: OK. So a little bit of change there?

P: Mhmm.

D: OK. And any chest pain?

P: No. 

D: OK, any feelings of like feel like feeling like your heart's racing?

P: No.

D: OK. Uhm, how about uh like calf pain when you do a lot of walking?

P: No.

D: Fainting or dizziness spells?

P: No.

D: OK, any changes to your bowel movements?

P: Uhm, no. 

D: OK, and any nausea or vomiting?

P: No, no nausea or vomiting.

D: OK, uh how about appetite changes?

P: Uhm, appetites been the same.

D: Any changes in your urine?

P: No.

D: Headaches?

P: No.

D: Confusion or memory loss?

P: No.

D: OK. Uhm, alright so are you otherwise healthy or do you have any longstanding medical conditions?

P: Uh no, otherwise I've been pretty well haven't even really had to go to the doctor much in the past few years.

D: OK, that's good. And then, any hospitalizations or surgeries in the past?

P: No.

D: No, OK. And how about medications, are you on any?

P: Uh, no medications.

D: OK, are you up to date with all your immunizations?

P: Yep. 

D: OK, and how about allergies, do you have any?

P: No, not that just like uh, seasonal allergies I sometimes get just itchy eyes and runny nose, sneezing in the springtime.

D: OK. And do your current symptoms feel like that?

P: No, no.

D: No, OK.

P: I feel completely different.

D: OK, any family history of lung or heart conditions?

P: Uhm, think my uncle had a heart attack in his 50s.

D: OK.

P: And I think my father has high blood pressure.

D: OK. OK, any cancers in the family?

P: Uh no, not that I know of.

D: And then do you smoke?

P: Uhm, just socially sometimes when I'm with friends, not-nothing regular.

D: OK, and so for the past like two months, how often have you been smoking?

P: Probably a couple cigarettes on the weekend. We usually smoke marijuana, so not not too much like tobacco or cigarettes. 

D: OK. OK. Uhm, do you do any other recreational drugs like marijuana, cocaine?

P: Just marijuana, no other drugs.

D: OK, do you smoke it or edibles.

P: Smoke it.

D: OK, and how often do you smoke cannabis?

P: Probably just when I'm meeting up with friends. So every weekend I would say.

D: Every weekend?

P: Yeah.

D: OK. And then how about an alcohol, do you drink alcohol?

P: Yeah, I drink alcohol probably a couple of drinks every few days.

D: OK. OK. And sorry what kind of alcohol do you drink every few days?

P: Just mostly beers, maybe whiskey sometimes.

D: OK, and how much of that?

P: So probably a couple beers. Uhm every few days and then whiskey, maybe a normal glass every few days, so yeah I would say 3 or 4 beers a week and then maybe 2 glasses of whiskey. In a, in an average week. 

D: OK, OK. Alright, and have you been in touch with or in contact with anyone sick recently?

P: No, no one's been sick. Uhm I do meet up with some friends on the weekends. Some of them are from work, some of them are just that that I know outside of work.

D: OK. OK, uhm and have any of them been sick or have they all been pretty healthy?

P: Uhm, in heard from anyone that's been sick. We we kind of have a rule that if you know if we feel sick then not to, not to show up just because, like you know, when we're when we're drinking and like smoking, we may share like a joint, so it's not like we don't want to get everyone sick if one person is sick.

D: Yeah for sure. Uhm, that makes sense. Alright, any travel recently?

P: No.

D: No, OK. And where do you live right now?

P: Right now I just live in an apartment by myself just outside of London.

D: OK. Any old carpets, dust, mold, asbestos anything that could make your condition worse?

P: No.

D: OK, so those are all the questions that I had for you. Did you have any questions of your own for myself?

P: Uh no, I don't think so, I just wanted to see what this might be.

D: Yeah, for sure. Uhm so, we are going to do a Covid swab on you because a lot of your symptoms do align with those of Covid, so we just want to rule that out first, so you should hear back in about 24 to 48 hours. Uhm, in the meantime you should isolate for two weeks and if it's not Covid, it could be another viral infection that's been going around this time of year. Either way, kind of management plan is the same, so make sure you're hydrated, eat well, sleep well, and if your symptoms become worse, severe or there any red flags like you have neurological symptoms, like seizures or weakness where you can move your limbs, you should seek help from the ER. How does that sound?

P: OK. That sounds good. Thank you.

D: OK yeah, no problem.

