D: How can I help you today?

P: Hi, um I'm here because I've had this awful sore throat for the past four days. Doesn't seem to be getting any better and I think I'm developing a fever now.

D: Have you checked your temperature?

P: No, I haven't checked my temperature, I'm just really hot.

D: We'll check that here then. And, uh, do you, OK so you've had this sore throat for four days and a fever. Have you had any difficulty swallowing?

P: Yeah, um not, like I can drink OK, but it's really hard for me to eat solid foods right now.

D: Um why is that?

P: Oh it just hurts.

D: Yeah, OK, but it's not that you can't um, you can't sort of like, you don't feel like it's getting stuck?

P: No, no, nothing like that.

D: Um and have you noticed any changes in your voice? Do you find that your voice is more hoarse?

P: Um a little bit uh but I think that's just because I try not to talk as much since my throat is so sore.

D: OK, OK and uh have you had a runny nose?

P: No, no runny nose. 

D: Uh a cough?

P: No. 

D: OK. Have you had any difficulties breathing?

P: No. 

D: Any chest pain?

P: No.

D: Any sort of um congestion, do you feel like your nose is stuffy or hurts your, uh, in your cheeks or your head when you bend down?

P: No.

D: No, OK. Um so all you have is a sore throat and this fever, OK um and um, OK. You have a headache?

P: Um no headaches.

D: Do you feel like you've been confused or just feeling not yourself?

P: No, nothing like that. 

D: OK. Any uh changes in your hearing or your vision?

P: No. 

D: OK, any um and do you feel like your heart's beating very fast?

P: Uh no. 

D: Do you feel short of breath?

P: Nope.

D: Any uh belly pain? 

P: No.

D: Any nausea or vomiting?

P: Uh no. 

D: OK, any diarrhea or constipation?

P: No. 

D: Any fatigue?

P: No.

D: Weight loss? Unintentional.

P: No weight loss, no.

D: Uh and uh do you have any medical conditions?

P: Uhm no, I don't think so. 

D: OK, are you up to date with your immunizations?

P: Uh yeah the only one that I haven't gotten is um that HPV vaccine.

D: OK OK, um OK, any uh, did you get the flu shot?

P: Oh, I didn't get that this year.

D: OK, well we recommend that you you get your vaccines and um also the uh HPV vaccine. Um it's it's best to get the HPV vaccine earlier on. It's a little bit less effective as you um go past a certain age, you are still obviously nowhere close to that, but it's,  I I don't believe it's covered after the age of 26 either, so it's best if you get it done earlier. And let's go back to your symptoms, then. Have you had any surgeries? 

P: Uhm, I got my appendix removed when I was 13.

D: Anything else?

P: No.

D: OK, are you taking any medications including over the counter?

P: No, I just take my multivitamins.

D: And uhm are you um are you currently living alone or do you live with someone?

P: I live with my parents and my two siblings.

D: And uh do you feel safe at home? 

P: Yes. 

D: OK. Are you um currently sexually active?

P: No.

D: OK. Um do you plan on being sexually active in the near future? 

P: Uh no, not before I finish high school.

D: OK, alright. Um and um are you uh, do you uh drink alcohol?

P: No.

D: OK, do you smoke?

P: No.

D: Have you tried marijuana or any recreational drugs? 

P: I haven't. 

D: OK. Are things going well at, are you in school right now?

P: Um yep, I'm in grade 10.

D: OK. Are things going well?

P: Yes, I would say so.

D: Any bullying uh at school? 

P: No.

D: OK, any um any any concerns about depression or anxiety?

P: No. 

D: OK OK alright and uh you uh traveled anywhere recently? 

P: No, I've been um just at school and home. 

D: So it's not it's not virtual, it's in person?

P: So half the day is in person and the other half is virtual. 

D: OK and are you maintaining social distancing at school, wearing a mask?

P: Yeah we do, except sometimes I guess like I don't know if you have to drink water or something, we take it off. 

D: Yeah, sure, OK. Um and uhm, I suppose just um OK. What was I gonna ask? Um do you uh, so no travels, OK. Do you feel like you've been in contact with someone who might be sick or might have Covid?

P: Uh I don't think so.

D: No, OK alright. And have you looked at your throat? Does it look swollen or red?

P: Yeah, it looks pretty swollen and red.

D: Well, that's all the questions, oh one more question actually. Do you have um any medical conditions that run in the family?

P: Um no, I don't think so. Maybe like high blood pressure.

D: Uh all right, well um that's all the questions I had. We'll do a physical exam, have a look inside your throat. Um given uh the symptoms that you have, it sounds like you have um an an inflammation or swelling of your throat which could be caused by bacteria or viruses. It could be something like um mono, or it could be um strep throat. Um it could be other things as well. Um seeing that your symptoms are somewhat overlapping with the symptoms for covid, we would also like to do a Covid test. Um we'll do a rapid strep test here as well um just to rule it out and then uh we'll uh ask you to quarantine for the next 14 days um until or at least until your covid swabs are back or your symptoms improve um and we'll let you know about um the management based on the strep test result. Do you have any questions?

P: Um no, that sounds great, thank you.

D: OK sounds good.