D: Uh how may I help you today?

P: Hi, I've been um just having this just sore throat for the last uh let's say three or four days. 

D: OK, and um are you having pain with swallowing?

P: Um yeah, a little bit I've noticed uh with swallowing especially solids as well. 

D: OK, have you noticed any changes to your voice? Like having a hot potato voice or or feeling as though your um your throat is kind of closing off?

P: Um not closing off, but like I definitely do uh, maybe a little bit of hoarseness, but not not too much. Mainly it's just the pain that's concerning me.

D: OK, and have you had uh a cough? 

P: Uh no, I haven't had a cough at all.

D: OK. Um and have you had any um, any neck swelling?

P: Um I I I have actually noticed like a little bit of neck swelling just right at the front on both um, yeah, just at the front.

D: OK, um is it is it on both sides of your neck or kind of in the middle?

P: Um I would say it's more uh on both sides.

D: OK.

P: And just kind of like at the front, front of my neck. 

D: OK, and you've noticed that um within the last three four days as well? 

P: Yeah. 

D: OK. Um and have you had any uh fevers or chills?

P: Uhm, I have had a fever in the last day like I've been feeling warm. I didn't get a chance to take my temperature. Um and also uh just to correct myself I, it's more so the swelling is just on one side. I've noticed like this lumpiness on one side of my neck. 

D: OK, thank you yeah. We'll certainly uh, I'll look at it during the in the physical exam. Right, so so yeah, you've had a fever for the last two days?

P: Yeah, I would say so. 

D: OK. Um And have you had any headaches?

P: Um no, no headaches. 

D: Alright, and have you had any um like eye redness or eye discharge?

P: No, nothing like that.

D: Have you had a runny nose?

P: No.

D: OK, and any um loss of uh smell or or loss of taste?

P: No, nothing like that. 

D: OK. Um and have you had any any shortness of breath or difficulties breathing?

P: Uh no, no shortness of breath.

D: Have you had any wheeze?

P: No, no wheeze.

D: OK. Have you had any um any chest pain?

P: No chest pain.

D: Alright, any dizziness or feeling like you were gonna faint?

P: Nope.

D: OK, do you feel like you're breathing faster or your heart's beating faster?

P: Uh, no, I haven't really felt that no.

D: OK. Um and have you had any, uh, any belly pain?

P: No. 

D: How about any nausea or vomiting?

P: Um not, no, I haven't felt that at all.

D: OK, have you have you had any diarrhea?

P: No. 

D: Have you had any urinary problems?

P: No.

D: OK. Have you had any any um skin changes or rashes anywhere?

P: Uh, no, not that I've noticed.

D: Alright, have you had any muscle aches or body pains?

P: Nope. 

D: OK. Have you had any um any symptoms like this before?

P: Uh, no, not that I can recall. Um maybe when I was like like 7 years old like I may have had like a sore throat.

D: OK, so quite a while ago, yeah, and have you been diagnosed with any medical conditions before?

P: No.

D: OK. Um and uh so do you take any medications or anything over the counter?

P: Um I've tried like Tylenol cold, but it didn't really work.

D: OK, and any allergies to medications or environment?

P: No.

D: Are your immunizations up to date?

P: Uh yeah, they're all up to date.

D: OK, excellent, and um have you had any hospitalizations or any surgeries?

P: Um no, I've been pretty healthy.

D: Alright, excellent, and have you traveled anywhere recently?

P: No, I I've mainly stayed at home, I I'm mainly doing virtual school.

D: OK, have you been around anybody who's been been sick?

P: Um my my sister she she just got back from college and she she was complaining of like a sore throat uh two weeks ago.

D: OK, I see. Um uh who are you living with currently and where are you living?

P: So I'm living with my parents and my sister at, in a in a house just outside of the city.

D: OK. Um and is your sister doing better now or um what happened with her? 

P: Yeah, yeah, I'm not sure, I think she did go to the doctor, now she's doing better. She did get some medications but I don't know what they were.

D: OK, I see. Um and uh I know some people in your age group will sometimes experience with uh like smoking or anything like that. Do you um do you smoke cigarettes or any of your friends?

P: No, I haven't I haven't done that.

D: OK, this same type of questioning for uh cannabis and alcohol. Um have you experimented with any of those substances or any recreational drugs?

P: No, not at all.

D: OK, um and are you currently sexually active?

P: No. 

D: OK. Um and how's school going?

P: Uh school is going well, like uh it was uh it was weird adjusting to all the online stuff, but now I feel like I kind of got the hang of it.

D: OK, excellent. Um and um any concerns for um like safety at home? Anything that we talk about is, uh, is confidential.

P: No, I have a pretty pretty loving family.

D: OK, well that's great. Um and I just wanted to finish here with your family history. Um does anybody in the family have heart or lung conditions?

P: Uh, no, they they're pretty healthy, my mom and dad.

D: OK, and any uh other conditions that run in the family?

P: Uh no, I don't think so. 

D: OK. Um uh so that was everything I wanted to ask um on the history today. Did you have any other questions for me or anything that that I didn't ask about you wanted to mention?

P: Uh no, nothing that I wanted to ask, just uh was just wondering if I need any medications.

D: OK, yeah, so um it's possible, so based on your symptoms currently it does suggest that uh it it is a bacterial cause with uh, since you don't have a cough and you have um like it sounds like sounds like lymph node enlargement. Um we'll we'll look and see if there's exudates or or purulence on your um, that we can see in your in your throat as well as checking temperature and do a rapid strep test. Um see if um if that's the cause, and if so, um then yeah, there will be a course of antibiotics um will be required, but um we will uh wait for um the physical exam and then the uh the rapid test.

P: Alright, sounds good.