D: How may I help you today?

P: Yeah, so I have like a really sore throat, started last night.

D: Oh I'm sorry, uh. Can you, can you tell me a little bit more about that? So you, um, you've only had this sore throat for one night?

P: Yeah, I just I think it's getting worse. It's at the back of my throat and it's kind of burning.

D: Mmm, OK. Do you have um, do you have any other symptoms?

P: Um, like I think my voice is kind of like raspy. I feel like I might be losing my voice.

D: OK, do you, do you have a runny nose?

P: No, not that I've noticed. I said it hurts when I swallow, right. I don't have a runny nose. 

D: No, OK. And do you have any pain in your ears?

P: Uh. I haven't noticed no. 

D: Any any sinus headaches, any sort of pain in and around your cheeks or pain in your forehead as you're trying to bend over?

P: Uh, no. No headache.

D: Nothing like that, OK. Have you had any pain in your chest?

P: No.

D: Any difficulties breathing?

P: No. 

D: OK um. Any cough?

P: No. 

D: Alright, so all you've experienced so far is since yesterday evening you've had a sore throat with difficulty swallowing, and hoarse voice. Have you experienced any malaise, or do you feel feverish? Or do you have any chills?

P: I definitely feel like really tired. I think I had. I think I had chills like yesterday. And I think when I first got here, they took my temperature and said it was like it was like pretty high. The nurse when I first got here.

D: I see I see, um. Have you, um. I'm just going to ask you about a couple other symptoms. Just um. Just to rule out some causes. Um, have you had any difficulties breathing?

P: No, no, that's OK. 

D: OK, um, you have been, have you had any muscle aches or pains?

P: No, not not that.

D: OK, have you noticed that your eyes have been more runny, more red? Anything like that?

P: No. No, nothing in my eyes. 

D: OK, any pain in your belly?

P: Uh, it's like my whole belly's been like a little like sore or but it's it's pretty much like mild.

D: When did that start?

P: Yeah, just like this morning I don't know. I haven't been eating a lot 'cause it just hurts to eat. I don't know if I'm just hungry. Like I've just been eating like ice cream 'cause it feels nice.

D: Yeah.

P: But I probably shouldn't just eat ice cream.

D: Ahaha. Um have you have you had any changes in your bowel movements? Any diarrhea, any constipation?

P: Uh, no.

D: Alright alright, any nausea or vomiting?

P: Uh, no vomiting. I feel like my throat. It just feels so like swollen but when I'm trying to talk with makes me feel a little bit nauseated.

D: Your throat feels swollen, have you have you noticed any changes in, have you found that it's difficult for you to talk? Is your speech slurred?

P: Uh, no, it's not slurred. It's just like sore because it's kind of like when I'm swallowing. You know.

D: Have you noticed any changes in your sense of smell? Do you feel like you can smell less?

P: I think that's pretty normal.

D: OK, what about taste? I know that you're not eating much 'cause you can't swallow, but do you feel like you can taste, your sense of taste is decreased?

P: Uh, uh, no. I think that's good. Yeah, yeah, I think, I mean mostly eating like really cold stuff, but I can taste it all.

D: Alright alright, um has it ever happened to you before?

P: Uh, no. Like I I had a cold like 2 weeks ago, but it wasn't like this though. That was more like runny nose and stuff.

D: I see. Um, have you done anything recently? Have you had contact with um with anyone who is sick?

P: Uh, my my girlfriend said that she was kind of, that her throat was feeling a little sore. I don't think it was as bad as as this but yeah, she said that.

D: Have you, um, have you been spending time with her recently?

P: I haven't. I haven't seen her in a few days, but yeah, like I saw her I saw her really a few days ago.

D: OK, OK Um, have you traveled anywhere?

P: No.

D: OK.

P: No, I wish.

D: Do you feel like you've had any contact with anyone with who might have COVID?

P: Oh, I don't. I don't think so. Mostly just to my girlfriend and my roommate right now. 

D: Yeah yea, And do do you, do you know if they've been recently tested or if they might have had contact with anyone? Um, who maybe...

P: Um, I dont think so.

D: OK.

P: They're. They're pretty like they're pretty they just have online classes and they only really like leaves to get groceries and like go exercise outside.

D: I see, OK, alright, um. Alright, I'm just going to ask you a couple of questions about your past medical history. Do you have any medical conditions?

P: Oh no, no, I'm like pretty healthy. Alright, alright

D: Nothing like asthma or COPD or any respiratory problems?

P: No, no.

D: No, and. Are you taking any medications, including any over the counter medications or herbal medications?

P: Um no.

D: Alright um, do you have any allergies, including environmental allergies?

P: Oh, again, a little bit of a runny nose, like in the spring, but that's it.

D: OK um. Alright, and do you smoke?

P: Uh, no.

D: No, Ok. Do you consume alcohol?

P: I drink like a couple beers on the weekends, but. Like I I yeah I play sports a lot and I don't like a lot of time on the weekends so I don't go out. 

D: OK, alright do you consume any other drugs?

P: No, no. 

D: No, OK. And you mentioned that you live with your roommate and you haven't had contact with anybody other than your roommate and your girlfriend. OK um. Have you...

P: All my classes are online. 

D: Alright alright um OK, well I'll I I'll go speak to my attending and we will I will discuss your medical history and with him and I will come back and discuss the plan with you.

P: OK, cool, thank you.

