D: May I just begin with asking you what brought you in here today?

P: Sure, um, I've been experiencing some issues breathing, um and just a lot of coughing over the past year or so. 

D: OK. And is your cough, has it been a wet cough or a dry cough?

P: Uh, but it's been a wet cough. 

D: OK. You mentioned it started over a year?

P: Well, about, about 8 months.

D: 8 months. And has it been getting worse at all?

P: Yeah, I think it's been getting worse.

D: OK. And so it's been a wet cough. Do you release any kind of like phlegm or sputum?

P: Um, yeah, it's usually clear, but sometimes it can look yellow or green.

D: OK, and how, how much would you say you produce every day?

P: Um, like um, in total per day?

D: Or just maybe every time you cough.

P: Every time I cough maybe like the size of my thumbprint.

D: OK, and have you notice at all coughing up any blood? 

P: No. 

D: Is the blood ever mixed into the phlegm? 

P: No.

D: OK. And uh, has it been constant coughing? Or does it come and go over the last eight months?

P: Um, it comes and goes, but there, there it's always like I have a tickle in my throat or something.

D: OK, and when it first started, had anything changed in your life? Uh, had you move to a new place or started smoking or anything like that?

P: No.

D: No. OK. Is there anything you do that makes the coughing or shortness of breath worse?

P: Um, I guess walking. 

D: Walking? Is there anything that makes it better at all?

P: Just resting.

D: Just resting, OK. How much can you walk or run until you feel the coughing or shortness of breath?

P: About like 200 meters. 

D: OK. And has this ever happened to you before the eight months?

P: No. Actually, I get wheezy because I have asthma, but it doesn't, it's not as bad as this. 

D: OK. And, um how often are you coughing, are you coughing throughout the day? Or is it more so during the day and then or more at night?

P: Uh, it's just kind of always there, um throughout the day.

D: OK. And do you have any other symptoms besides the difficulty breathing and the cough? Do you have a sore throat, runny nose, dizziness, anything like that?

P: No.

D: OK, so just the difficulty breathing and the cough?

P: Yeah.

D: Do you get any chest pain at all?

P: No chest pain.

D: Great, have you traveled anywhere outside of the country recently?

P: Uh, no, no.

D: Any headaches, nausea or vomiting?

P: No.

D: Any fever, chills or night sweats?

P: No.

D: Do you feel increasingly fatigued throughout the day?

P: Yeah, I guess coughing a lot makes me tired.

D: OK, do you ever feel that your heart is racing or you have any kind of chest pain? 

P: No.

D: Have you noticed any issues urinating?

P: No.

D: Any changes in your bowel movements, any constipation or diarrhea? 

P: No.

D: Any issues with your sleep or appetite?

P: Uh, no.

D: Any significant changes in your weight? 

P: No.

D: Have you had any recent infections that you know of? 

P: Not that I know of.

D: Any antibiotics that you've had to use for any infections?

P: No.

D: Um, do you think you have had any exposure to tuberculosis in the past?

P: No. 

D: And do you have exposure to fumes or dust or animals or pets in your work or home environment?

P: I have a bird. 

D: A bird? And when did you get the bird?

P: Like five years ago. 

D: OK, but no issues before the eight months?

P: No. 

D: OK. In terms of your overall health, do you have any past medical conditions? You mentioned asthma, but anything else like diabetes, high blood pressure?

P: I have type 2 diabetes and high blood pressure.

D: OK. And or do you take any medications for those conditions?

P: No, it's just being controlled by diet.

D: OK, any medications for any other reasons?

P: I take some vitamin D tablets.

D: OK, any allergies, environmental or to medications? 

P: No.

D: OK, have you ever been hospitalized?

P: No.

D: Any ill contacts near you at home or work?

P: No.

D: Any previous surgeries?

P: No previous surgeries.

D: OK, do you have any family history of asthma or any other lung condition or any cancers?

P: No lung conditions or cancers.

D: OK. And currently, do you work?

P: I do. 

D: And where do you work?

P: I work as an accountant. 

D: OK. And do you currently live in an apartment or a house?

P: In an apartment. 

D: OK. And do you live by yourself or do you live with anyone else?

P: Just by myself.

D: OK. Any new changes to your house uhm, any new carpets or anything like that? Or have you moved into a new new place recently?

P: No.

D: OK, do you use any recreational drugs like marijuana?

P: No, I smoked when I was younger, but not anymore.

D: OK, and do you smoke cigarettes?

P: I do. 

D: OK, and how much would you say you smoke on an average day?

P: Uhm, about half a pack a day.

D: OK, and how long have you been smoking for?

P: Since I was 18.

D: OK. And you drink alcohol?

P: Uhm, sometimes.

D: And how often would you say on an average week, how many drinks of alcohol would you say you have?

P: Uhm, maybe 2 glasses of wine a week.

D: OK. And in terms of your diet and exercise, would you say you get 3 meals a day? Well balance, well balanced diet?

P: Um, yeah, I'd say so.

D: OK, and lastly, in terms of exercise, would you say you're fairly active throughout the week?

P: Uhm, yep. 

D: And what kind of things do you do for activity?

P: Um, I take walks when I can. Um, before this whole shortness of breath thing, I used to ride my bike.

D: OK. 