D: So what brings you in here?

P: Yeah, I've had this sore throat. It started, really, yesterday and I've been having problems with eating and drinking.

D: OK, so it just started yesterday. Has it occurred before?

P: Not this painful before.

D: OK, are you were having any trouble swallowing just solids or liquids as well?

P: It hurts to swallow both. When I have something really cold it helps, I mean, it's easier to drink, but it still hurts.

D: OK, and are you having any other symptoms besides the sore throat?

P: Yeah, I've been nauseous and I vomited a couple of times.

D: OK, just within the last day?

P: Yeah, this is over the last day. I vomited three times yesterday and once today.

D: OK, and uh, what was the color of the vomit? Was it just food that you had eaten? Or was it green? Can you describe it a little bit?

P: Yeah, so the first two times it was more of what, like, the food that I had eaten and then the last two times it's been more yellowish green, cause I haven't really eaten much since yesterday afternoon.

D: OK, and did you notice any blood in it at all?

P: No blood.

D: OK, and do you have any idea what caused the nausea or vomiting? Was it after eating? Or, like, were there any triggers?

P: I think the first time was associated with like, after eating, but I'm not sure about the other ones.

D: OK, and with your sore throat, are you having any kind of like a gag reflex or anything like that?

P: Yeah, maybe a little bit, maybe that's what prompted it.

D: OK. And has your sore throat been just constant or does it come come and go?

P: It's been pretty constant, yeah.

D: And how much would you rate the pain out of 1 to 10? 1 being the least pain you've felt in your life, 10 being the worst.

P: Uh, I would say, uh, a 6, it's pretty painful.

D: OK, um, have you noticed any kind of like swelling around your neck? Or any redness in your throat?

P: Yeah, I felt my neck this morning in the front of it, it does feel swollen. 

D: OK. And are you coughing at all?

P: No, I haven't had a cough.

D: OK, so no cough but are you producing any sputum or yellow material?

P: No, nothing like that.

D: OK, are you coughing up any blood at all?

P: No. 

D: Is there anything that makes it better or worse that you have tried?

P: Just cold drinks. 

D: OK. And, uh. So you've also had nausea and vomiting. Are you having any kind of diarrhea or Constipation? 

P: No, but I've had a sore stomach.

D: OK, and did that also start yesterday?

P: Yeah, it's just been, like, fairly generalized. Feels sore.

D: OK, so not in any particular area, just kind of all over your stomach?

P: Yeah, like, I mean, I guess sort of like in the center, more so, but I can't really put one finger on the spot. 

D: OK, and is it constant or does it come and go?

P: It kind of comes and goes. 

D: OK, and uh, is it associated with eating food at all, or does it get better when you defecate?

P: I haven't noticed anything like that, maybe it's worse after vomiting, those few times.

D: I see OK, yeah. So yeah, sometimes with the vomiting you can also get some some discomfort. So no diarrhea or Constipation though, right? 

P: No.

D: Uh, so are you having any other symptoms like shortness of breath or chest pain, or like a runny nose? Any any of those symptoms?

P: No, nothing like that. I've just had a headache as well, but it's pretty mild.

D: OK, have you tried any medications at all, over the counter?

P: yeah, I took a Tylenol cause I started feeling a little bit hot as well, to help me sleep last night 

D: OK, have you been having any fevers or chills?

P: Yeah, I felt hot but no chills.

D: And did you manage to get like a temperature at all?

P: No.

D: OK, we can do that here today. So you just felt like a bit hot last night?

P: Yeah, last night I felt pretty hot, sweaty.

D: OK, have you been in contact with anyone who's been sick, or any recent travel at all?

P: I mean, not that I can think of.

D: OK, uhm, so I'm just going to list a few symptoms just let me know if you have any of them. Do you, do you feel fatigued?

P: No. 

D: Do you feel that you have any kind of swelling in your extremities, or any rashes or skin changes?

P: No, I haven't noticed anything like that.

D: OK, any changes in your urinary pattern?

P: No. 

D: OK, any changes in your sleep or appetite?

P: No. 

D: OK, any significant weight loss over the last month?

P: No, my weight has been the same.

D: OK, and have you, before this all started, have you had any like, Congestion, runny nose, or any other cold like symptoms?

P: No, I've felt well otherwise.

D: OK. Uhm, do you have any past medical conditions like asthma Or anything else?

P: Uh, no.

D: OK, so you're healthy?

P: Yes. 

D: OK, do you have any allergies?

P: No, I don't.

D: OK, are you currently taking any medications regularly?

P: No. 

D: Any previous hospitalizations or surgeries?

P: No. 

D: Any family history of any lung conditions or heart conditions or any cancers?

P: No, nothing like that.

D: OK, and currently do you work?

P: No, I'm just going to school. 

D: OK, and so, currently where do you live and Who do you live with? 

P: Yeah, so we live in a house with my parents and younger brother and we've been both back at school now Part time and doing some of it at home online as well. 

D: OK, so anyone at all that you notice at school that was sick around you?

P: No, not that I am aware of. 

D: OK. So yeah, this is just a question that we ask everyone. Do you drink alcohol or smoke cigarettes or use any recreational drugs?

P: Uh, no.

D: Ok, so those are all the questions I had to ask you. Anything that I may have missed or anything you want to tell me?

P: No, that's everything that's been happening over the last couple of days. 

D: OK. Alright, so yeah it seems that, from your age and some of your symptoms we will definitely do a testing for strep throat. It seems that you meet that criteria. And we also want to make sure that, since you're having other symptoms as well, just to do a covid test, just in case. We'll take your temperature as well, and we might give you some antibiotics as well to treat you and relieve some of those symptoms. So yeah, just hang tight, we'll get the swab done for you for the Covid test, as well as strep throat and then we'll go from there.

P: Great, thank you.

D: You're welcome, take care.