D: Uh, how may I help you? 

P: I've, uh, had a runny nose over the last few days and I've started to have a sore throat as well.

D: Hmm, Uhm, when did this start?

P: I would, so the runny nose started, uh, about five days ago and, and the sore throat, uhm, about the same.

D: OK. Have you, uh, with the, the runny nose, do you have any, what's the discharge like?

P: Uh, it's been kind of watery, it's clear.

D: OK. Alright and has your sore throat gotten better or worse over the past five days?

P: Uh, it did get a little bit worse initially and since then it's been kind of stable. 

D: Have you, uhm, had any difficulties swallowing?

P: No, it, it is a bit sore, uhm, to swallow so it takes me a little bit longer to eat, but I've been able to still, still eat.

D: Have you changed, noticed any changes in your voice? Any hoarseness in your voice? 

P: No.

D: No, OK. And do you have any nasal congestion? Does your nose feel stuffy?

P: Yeah it does, yes.

D: OK, uhm, any fevers or chills?

P: No, I don't think so.

D: OK. Any difficulties breathing?

P: No.

D: Any cough?

P: No. 

D: OK, uhm any, uh, pain in your chest?

P: No.

D: Any other symptoms, anything related to your belly,  say, diarrhea or Constipation or any changes in your urinary, any urinary symptoms?

P: No, nothing like that.

D: OK, OK, are you feeling fatigued, tired? Have any muscle aches?

P: I, I have felt a little bit more drowsy these last few days and, uhm, yeah my, uhm, I have had some muscle aches as well.

D: Have you taken anything to help yourself, anything over the counter or any pills?

P: I did use, uh, some uhm, like cold medication to help because I was having a headache as well and a lot of I guess just like pressure from the nose stuffiness.

D: Did the cold meds help?

P: Yeah, it did help a little bit, it did help my nose clear up but it came right back after a few hours.

D: And how's your headache now?

P: It's not too bad. It's pretty mild, but it's there.

D: Uhm, do you usually get headaches of this sort, or is this very different from what you generally experience, if you usually have headaches.

P: I don't usually get headaches, but I have felt uhm, a headache like this before though.

D: Oh OK, when was that?

P: Maybe the last time I was, I was sick.

D: Sure.

P: Or if I don't get a good night's sleep. School's pretty early in the morning, so sometimes if I'm not sleeping well.

D: I see. OK alright, any other symptoms that you've experienced over the past five days that I didn't ask you about?

P: No, it's been, yeah mostly the runny nose and sore throat and headache.

D: I see. OK, alright, and do you have any medical conditions?

P: No, I've been healthy.

D: All right, good, any medications that you take on a regular basis?

P: Uh, I'll use like Reactine or Claritin sometimes for allergies, but that's it.

D: What allergies do you have?

P: I have allergies to dust and some environmental things, like pollen or ragweed I think maybe.

D: I see. Alright, and, uhm, do you have any family history of any medical conditions? 

P: Uh, I think my dad has high blood pressure. He takes a medication for that, uhm nothing serious though that I know of.

D: OK, alright, and who do you currently live with?

P: So I live with both my parents and I have an older sister as well.

D: Good, OK, and do you smoke?

P: I did try a vape once or twice, but, didn't really like it so, no. 

D: Alright, what about marijuana?

P: Uh, no, I haven't tried that.

D: Any recreational drugs?

P: No.

D: Do you drink alcohol? 

P: No.

D: And have you recently traveled anywhere?

P: No, we've been doing classes virtually.

D: And any contact with anyone who you think might be sick.

P: No. 

D: OK alright, well sounds like you have a sore throat and runny nose. You've been a little bit drowsy, had some headaches in the past five days, things were getting a little bit worse early on, but it's been a little bit, it's been more stable now. We'll do a physical exam, see, just listen to your chest, have a look inside your mouth and check your temperature and go from there. It sounds like you probably have a viral infection of some sort that should get, hopefully get better over time. We will also get a covid swab done just in case and if things seem to get worse, we can, you can definitely come back.

P: OK, great, thank you.