D: Would you mind by starting to tell me what brought you in?

P: Sure, my 5 year old daughter, I noticed that she's been coughing a lot over the past two days. She sounds like she has a stuffy nose and now she's got this pink eye so I just wanted to get it checked out by you. 

D: Yeah, for sure. So the cough started 5 days ago?

P: Two days ago.

D: OK and is the cough barky or harsh sounding?

P: Yes, it sounds harsh.

D: OK, alright was there anything that changed two days ago that might have triggered the cough?

P: I don't think so, although she does go to daycare. 

D: OK, uh and so has she been bringing up any sputum with the cough?

P: No, no sputum that I've noticed.

D: OK, notice any blood?

P: No.

D: Alright, and is the cough worse at any particular time of day?

P: No.

D: OK, and has there been any wheezing?

P: No, not that I noticed.

D: OK. And you mentioned the red eyes. When did you notice that?

P: That was just yesterday.

D: OK, any discharge from the eyes?

P: No. 

D: OK, nothing like that? No tearing or anything like that?

P: No. 

D: OK. Umm and has she complained about any like changes to vision?

P No, not really, just the pain.

D: No. OK, uh, and how about any itchiness in the eyes? 

P: She's been rubbing it and so it's possibly itchy. 

D: OK. And have you noticed any mucus coming out?

P: Umm, no, it's actually stuffy. 

D: OK

P: Yeah, not so much mucous. 

D: OK, has she mentioned anything about losing smell?

P: No.

D: OK, umm and has she mentioned anything about being congested?

P: She just sounds like she's congested.

D: OK. Umm any sore throat?

P: Umm, possibly. 

D: OK, how has she been eating?

P: Um, she's been eating OK. I guess she's been eating alittle less than usual. 

D: OK umm, would you say that she's been going to the bathroom as often as normal?

P: Yep, I would say so.

D: No changes there, OK. Um and has she had any loss of taste?

P: Umm, possibly since she's not eating as much. 

D: OK. Any fevers or chills?

P: Um, she did feel a little bit hot, but I didn't take her temperature.

D: OK, so hot. We will definitely check for fever today. Any night sweats?

P: Umm, no. 

D: OK. And has she been gaining weight OK?

P: Yep, Yep, no change, nothing abnormal there.

D: OK, and has she been complaining about having any stomach pains?

P: Umm, no. 

D: OK, has she had any nausea or vomiting? 

P: Um no no.

D: OK, and how about any painful urination?

P: No. 

D: OK, and any diarrhea?\

P: Umm, no.

D: OK, and has she mentioned anything about headaches?

P: No. 

D: OK. And how about any aches or pains anywhere?

P: Uh, no, I don't think so.

D: Have you noticed any rashes? 

P: No.

D: OK, and has she been diagnosed with any conditions before?

P: No.

D: OK. And any reason for her to be hospitalized?

P: Uh, no. 

D: OK, um does she take any medications regularly?

P: Um, no. 

D: OK, does she have any allergies to medications? 

P: Umm, no. 

D: Alright, any surgeries before? 

P: Umm, no.

D: Any concerns with her growth or development?

P: Umm, no, everything's been pretty normal.

D: OK, and any concerns about her vision or hearing? 

P: No. 

D: OK. And can tell you tell me a little bit about the living situation currently? Are you the primary caregiver?

P: I am.

D: OK, and who else is in the home?

P: Her father. 

D: OK, are there any pets around?

P: No. 

D: Alright. And does anybody in the house smoke?

P: No, no one smokes. 

D: OK, any exposures in the house to like carpets or dust or inhalants that might bring on a cough?

P: No. 

D: OK. Ummm and uhh anybody in the family been sick?

P: No. 

D: OK, and how about anybody you mentioned at the daycare? Was anybody been sick there?

P: No, I don't think so. I contacted them and checked, but it seems like no one's been sick. 

D: OK, and you say you haven't traveled anywhere?

P: Oh no, no, not recently. 

D: OK. And any lung conditions or heart conditions that run in the family?

P: No.

D: OK, and how about any genetic conditions or congenital conditions in the family?

P: No, none, none that I know of.

D: OK, so the main symptoms are the cough that started two days ago and also you've noticed she's been congested. And sorry, what was the last symptom?

P: She has this pink eye and she has a cough.

D: Yeah, right, that could be conjunctivitis. OK, so at this point we will certainly run some investigations to look into what this could be. It sounds like a viral infectious type of process, especially if it's involving the eyes, nose, and and with a cough. And so we will test with a swab for covid for sure. But it could be something more common, like the common cold. We just need to make sure that we're comprehensive in that with the testing.

P: That sounds great, thank you.