D: What brings you in here today?

P: Hi I'm coming in because I've had this like on and off runny nose and stuffy nose for the past week. Um and I just came to make sure it's not something serious like Covid.

D: OK, yeah no I completely understand why you might be worried um with everything going on. So just to get an idea of the timeline, so when did this start?

P: So it started about I'd say, seven days ago.

D: Seven days ago, OK. And was it just a runny nose that started or did you have any other symptoms?

P: So at first I felt kind of stuffy um and then now it's more runny. Um and no other symptoms.

D: And are you coughing at all?

P: No. 

D: Are you bringing up any discharge from like your nose, or are you coughing any material up?

P: No, no. I mean there's some discharge from my nose, like it's runny, but it's it's not yellow or anything, it's clear.

D: OK, and do you think this issue has gone worse over the last seven days or is it improving at all?

P: Um I don't think it's improving. It's changed 'cause it used to be stuffy, now it's more of a runny nose. Um but yeah, it seems to be runny, like it's the same amount of runniness for the past couple of days.

D: And are you having any symptoms of loss of smell at all?

P: No, no loss of smell.

D: How about loss of taste?

P: No.

D: Um were you uh with anyone around you sick at all before those seven days?

P: Uh I don't think so, I visited my sister and she has a nephew who goes to daycare, but my nephew's been OK, no, no runny nose or stuffy nose.

D: Uhm, and is it just a constant issue that goes on throughout the day or is it worse at night, during the day, how would you describe it?

P: Um it's it's pretty constant throughout the day. It's just it just feels bad at night because it um makes it hard for me to fall asleep.

D: OK, uh have you tried any medications at all over the counter that would help?

P: Um I tried some antihistamines because I do have seasonal allergies. Uh but they don't seem to be helping.

D: Um any anything that makes your symptoms worse at all, like any exertion or any kind of uh position?

P: No.

D: Um do you have any shortness of breath or chest pain at all? 

P: Uh no.

D: Any sore throat or muscle aches?

P: No. 

D: Any uh headaches? 

P: Nope.

D: Have you traveled at all recently? 

P: No.

D: Have you had any nausea or vomiting?

P: Uh no.

D: Any fevers or chills? 

P: No.

D: Any night sweats or fatigue?

P: No.

D: OK. Um any kind of sensation that your heart is racing?  

P: Uh no, nothing like that.

D: Any changes in your bowel movements like any constipation or diarrhea?

P: No.

D: Any changes in your urinary pattern?

P: No. 

D: Uh any issues with your sleep or appetite?

P: No. 

D: Have you lost any weight, significant weight, uh recently in the last few months? 

P: No. 

D: And uh do you have any exposure to like fumes, dust, or like uh carpet, pets, or animals? Anything that you might have an allergic reaction to?

P: Uh no nothing like that.

D: OK and currently are you sexually active? 

P: I am.

D: And um can you just tell me a little a little bit of a detail like about like a partner? Uh and if you've had any new partners recently at all? 

P: No, I've been with the same partner for the past five years.

D: OK, and uh do you have any history of any STI's?

P: No.

D: OK nice, um, in terms of your uh past medical history, do you have any um diagnoses or anything any medical conditions at all?

P: Uhm no, no nothing, nothing long standing.

D: Um anything you take medications for? 

P: No.

D: Are you allergic to any medications?

P: Uh not medications.

D: Uh any environmental allergies?

P: Just yeah, some seasonal allergies.

D: OK. Any previous hospitalizations or surgeries?

P: Um I was hospitalized for um Like an appendectomy when I was younger. Um but that's about it.

D: And when was that? 

P: That was when I was 18.

D: And any complications after that?

P: No. 

D: And uh in terms of your family history, does anyone have any lung conditions, heart conditions, or any cancers?

P: Uh nope, nothing like that.

D: And currently uh do you work?

P: I do. I work from home though.

D: OK. And how would you describe your living situation right now?

P: Um I live in an apartment with um my partner and we have a dog.

D: Um and currently, uh do you smoke at all?

P: Uh no. 

D: Do you use any recreational drugs like marijuana?

P: No. 

D: How about uh any alcohol? 

P: Uh I drink like a glass of wine every other day.

D: OK. Um yeah, so those were some of the questions I had for you. I know it's a bit concerning because of the pandemic going on and um a runny nose can be a symptom uh of Covid as well, but uh it can also be a symptom of just the common cold or any other virus. Um but since you're having, uh you're symptomatic right now, we will definitely get like a Covid swab test done for you.

P: OK.

D: And if you start having any, just monitor for your symptoms. Um you should have the test back within 48 hours. Until then, uh at least for 14 days you should try to isolate in your own room, wear a mask around uh your partner, uh and not go outside, so just self isolate.

P: OK. 

D: And and then you will get the test results back in a, hopefully in a few days. So do you have any questions at all?

P: Uh no, thank you, that was good.

D: Take care, bye

P: You too.