D: What brings you in here?

P: I've had this cough for over a week now, and it just hasn't gone away.

D: OK, and uh, so this cough has been going on for a week. Can you describe the cough a little bit for me?

P: Yeah, so I mean sometimes I produce sputum and sometimes I don't. It's uh, white and whiteish clear in color.

D: OK, um, and it's been going on for more than a week.Has it been getting worse?

P: It got a little bit worse at first, but then it's been kind of the same, um, since.

D: OK, have you noticed at all, um, like green or yellow color of your sputum or any blood tinged sputum?

P: Uh, No blood, and maybe a little yellowish.

D: OK, little yellowish, OK. And how much would you say you bring up, um, on an average day?

P: Uh, a couple of teaspoons.

D: Couple of teaspoons OK.OK, has there been anything that um, makes it worse or better?

P: Nothing that I can think of.

D: OK, and have you had this happen to you previously in the past?

P: No.

D: And is the cough uh, constant or does it come and go?

P: It comes and goes, uh, throughout the day. No particular time of the day it's worse. 

D: OK, and, um, are you having any, uh, other symptoms besides the cough, um, like shortness of breath,sore throat, um, runny nose, congestion, anything like that?

P: Uh. yeah, I've had, um, a sore throat, uh, and a headache, as well.

D: OK, and when did the sore throat start?

P: Um, that started about five days ago.

D: Five days ago? And has it been getting worse?

P: No, that's been about the same.

D: And do you have any difficulty, uh, swallowing at all?

P: It's a little sore, but, uh, it's been OK, to eat and drink. 

D: OK, and have you noticed any kind of redness in your throat or any swelling around your neck?

P: No, I took a look in the mirror as best I could with my phone and I couldn't really notice anything that looked red.

D: OK, and how about the headache? When did that start?

P: So it's been, uh, kind of off and on over the past, uh, week or so. Um, feels like a like a pressure sensation and my head is just really squeezing.

D: OK, and um. So is it on one side of your head or both sides? 

P: Both sides.

D: And it's Kind of like a pressure and squeezing. Is it at all pulsating?

P: No 

D: No? OK, Is it constant or does it come and go?

P: It comes and goes.

D: OK, and have you taken any medications to make any of these symptoms better?

P: Yeah, I have used some Advil for the headaches and over the counter medicine at night time to help sleep.

D: OK. Uh,and do you recall doing anything in the last few weeks which you might believe that Uh, caused some of these symptoms? like for example, were you in contact with anyone that was sick at all?

P: Well, I'm a nursing student and I've been on rotations in the hospital recently. 

D: And anyone that you probably saw in the hospital, anyone sick that you were in contact with?

P: I did see some people who had, like, infectious symptoms.

D: OK, and other than that, have you been having any fevers or chills?

P: Yeah, I've felt chills.

D: OK chills, and when did you feel them?

P: I've been feeling chills throughout the day and at night, I just feel like I can't get warm even with a blanket on. 

D: OK, and have you taken your temperature at all?

P: No. 

D: OK yeah, we can do that for you today. Uh, other than that any recent travel outside of the province.

P: No, been just at school. 

D: OK, and any loss of sense of taste or smell?

P: No. 

D: Any nausea or vomiting?

P: No.

D: Any night sweats? 

P: No, 

D: OK, any fatigue?

P: Yes. 

D: OK, and When did that start?

P: Just over this past week I've been really tired, I've been been needing naps and not feeling rested in the morning.

D: OK, any chest pain at all?

P: Yeah, It does feel sore, kind of, uh, the center of my chest. 

D: OK, so any coughing at all?

P: Yeah, I feel it, like more, like it does hurt when when I'm coughing, that's kind of what I'm feeling it. I think it's being caused by how much I'm coughing.I kind of feel it there in the center.

D: And besides, when you're coughing, do you have any pain in your chest when you're breathing in or out?

P: No, 

D: No? OK. Alright, any changes to your bowel movements, like any Constipation or diarrhea?

P: No. 

D: Any urinary issues? 

P: No.

D: OK, any changes with your sleeping or your appetite? 

P: No.

D: Have you noticed any significant weight loss in the last few weeks?

P: No, it's been the same.

D: OK. And have you recently, prior to your coughing, have you had any infections like a viral illness or like a cold for example, anything like that?

P: Yeah, now that I think about it, I mean, maybe like a month ago I had like a runny nose for a couple of days and it just went away.

D: OK, were you on any kind of medications or antibiotics at all?

P: No, just went away on its own pretty quickly.

D: Alright, do you have any past medical conditions, like high blood pressure, diabetes, anything like that?

P: No, I don't, I'm healthy.

D: OK, do you have any allergies?

P: No. 

D: Do you take any medications regularly?

P: Uh, no. 

D: OK, any hospitalizations or surgeries in the past?

P: No. 

D: OK, and any family history of any lung or heart conditions or any cancers?

P: I think my mom has high blood pressure, but that's about it. 

D: OK. I forgot to ask you this earlier. Have you been experiencing any wheezing?

P: Yeah I have noticed a bit of a wheeze, yes.

D: And currently you are nursing student. Where do you live? 

P: I live with a couple of my classmates downtown.

D: OK, and do you live in an apartment or dorm, a house?

P: An apartment. 

D: OK, anyone sick in your household at all?

P: No, nobody's been sick.

D: OK, do you drink alcohol at all?

P: Sometimes with friends, on a weekend.

D: Do you smoke cigarettes at all?

P: No, I don't. 

D: And any recreational drugs like marijuana?

P: Nope. 

D: OK. Alright, so yeah those are all the questions I had for you. Do you have any questions or concerns?

P: No, I was just hoping to feel better. It's been going on for so long now.

D: You said it's more than a week now, right?

P: Yes.

D: Yeah, so what we will do today is, uh, first of all, with the pandemic going on, with some of these symptoms, we need to rule out coronavirus. And so we will be getting a swab done for you as well today and considering you are having these symptoms, we will also get another test done for you today to see if there's any bacteria causing what we call walking pneumonia. It's community acquired pneumonia that's fairly common in like the younger population. And so we'll see if you could have that. And so from there we'll see if we need to put you on any antibiotics which will help you. And if we need to get any blood work or X Rays we'll let you know as well. Is that OK? And if you feel like you have worsening symptoms like shortness of breath, you need to make sure you come back to the Emergency Department.

P: Yeah, that sounds great. Thank you.

D: Yeah, you're welcome and take care, and we'll get all those things done for you and we'll be with you shortly.

P: OK, sounds good.

D: Great.