D: I was wondering if you could start by telling me what brought you into the emergency Department.

P: So I came to the emergency Department because I've been having pain in my chest. 

D: OK, where is the pain located?

P: I would say it's like the whole pretty much the left side of my chest.

D: OK, and when did this pain start?

P: So I think it started just around 2 hours ago. I actually was riding my bicycle and just fell off on, kind of just slipped and I think I fell on that side like when I the impact was right on my chest and since then it's been really painful.

D: OK I am how would you describe the pain, sometimes people will use words like burning dull, achy.

P: I think it's more like someone is just stabbing me and then whole left side area.

D: OK, and um. Anything that you've been doing that's that's made the pain worse?

P: If I. Think I have to take really really slow and shallow breaths. If I try to take a deep breath it just really hurts like taking those small, smaller breaths helps.

D: OK, and do you feel the pain anywhere else, or is it just on the left side of your chest?

P: No, I would say just on the left side.

D: OK, and has the pain been getting worse, staying the same or getting better?

P: I'd say over the last two hours it's been getting worse.

D: OK, and do you have any other associated symptoms?

P: Uh, like I think I I'm having. Also maybe it's just because I'm trying to breathe slowly, but I feel like I can't catch my breath.

D: OK, um has anything like this ever happened to you before?

P: No, no. I mean, I've never had any pain in my chest before.

D: OK are you, did you have a loss of consciousness when you fell off your bike?

P: No, I got right back up. I just just had the pain.

D: OK, so any injuries to the head?

P: No.

D: OK.

P: That's fine. I was wearing a helmet.

D: OK, excellent and any headache right now?

P: No.

D: OK, how about any fever chills?

P: No, I feel I'm fine.

D: Any nausea or vomiting?

P: Nope.

D: Do you feel as though your heart's racing?

P: I would say like in the last hour a little bit more so than usual.

D: OK. Any skin changes or or rashes you've noticed? 

P: Besides, just I got some scrapes here and there on my hands, but nothing else. 

D: OK, and do you have a cough?

P: Nope.

D: OK, and any recent infections?

P: No, I've been pretty pretty healthy recently. No, no cough or no infections.

D: OK, and uh, any dizziness?

P: Um no.

D: Alright, and I know you mentioned the few scratches on your hands, but any other injuries? 

P: Oh no, I I think I got a pretty lucky.

D: Oh, OK. And any alcohol or drug intake prior to falling off your bike?

P: Oh no, no, I was completely sober. No no drugs or alcohol.

D: OK, and any weakness or numbness or tingling that you noticed?

P: Um no nothing like that.

D: Alright, and, when was the last time you had anything to eat or drink?

P: I just had some cereal and, um, just some chocolate milk around breakfast time but nothing else.

D: OK, and how many hours ago was that?

P: I would say around 3 hours ago.

D: OK. Um, and have you been diagnosed with any medical conditions in the past?

P: Uh, not other than just a hay fever, but nothing nothing else. I have like a lot of allergies.

D: Any allergies to medications?

P: Oh, just sometimes when I take like a nasal spray I think I might have an allergy to the steroids that they give me and sometimes also some of the antihistamines I think I get some allergies from them.

D: OK. Uh, and any hospitalizations? 

P: No, never.

D: Any surgeries?

P: Nope. 

D: OK. Anybody in the family who have any illnesses?

P: Just my father. He has type 2 diabetes but nothing else.

D: OK, and how do you support yourself currently financially?

P: Oh so I work just as like a mechanic just in the city and currently I just have myself to support. I live alone in an apartment, so I'm doing fairly well.

D: OK, and do you smoke?

P: I smoke around like I'd say 2 and a half to 3 packs per day. I know it's. Yeah, I have tried quitting before, but I would say I've been smoking since I was 18.

D: OK, and do you smoke marijuana? 

P: No, no, no marijuana, no other drugs. 

D: OK, and do you drink alcohol?

P: Yeah, it's just like sometimes on the weekend. I'll just have a beer or two while watching the game, but not nothing regular.

D: OK, thank you.
