D: What brought you in today?

P: Hi, um so I've had this terrible fever for the past three days um and just before that I had a stuffy nose um and I had a sore throat, well I still do, um and it's just not going away, so I thought I should just come in and see if I have covid or what it is.

D: OK, so if I understand, it started with a stuffy nose?

P: Yes.

D: OK and that kinda progressed to a fever? 

P: Yes, that's right.

D: OK, have you been feeling any other symptoms aside from the fever?

P: No. 

D: Nothing really, have you had any nausea, any vomiting at all in the last little while? 

P: No.

D: Any pain anywhere else in your body?

P: Uh, no.

D: OK, do you have any neck stiffness?

P: No.

D: Any headaches?

P: Um no, no headaches.

D: OK, and have you been able to eat and drink during this time period?

P: Yes.

D: Excellent. OK, you've had a cough at all?

P: No cough. 

D: No cough, OK and then how about abdominal pain, any pain in your tummy?

P: Um no. 

D: Nothing like that, what about other changes in your body? Have you noticed any fevers or any rashes, any skin changes?

P: Uh no, nothing like that.

D: OK. What about any pain in any of your joints and your knees, hips?

P: Oh, actually um not in my joints, but I've just, there there has been some muscle ache.

D: OK, how long has that been going on for?

P: Uh for the past two three days.

D: So around the same time that you've had this fever?

P: Mhmm.

D: OK.

P: That's right.

D: Now have you had any contact with anyone who's been sick in the last little while?

P: Um no, not that I can think of.

D: OK, have you had any recent travel anywhere else?

P: No, I did go hiking um last weekend, um and it was about 2 hours away, um there were some people on the hiking trail that I passed by, but um other than that, no travel outside the province.

D: OK. Does anyone around you or in your immediate circle come down with anything similar recently?

P: Um my husband has also been experiencing similar symptoms for the past week. 

D: OK, how's he doing?

P: Uh the same as me. 

D: OK. And have you had any covid swabs recently?

P: No. 

D: OK, and aside from the weekend hike, have you been mainly self isolating or?

P: Uh yeah, just me and my husband at home. 

D: OK, and do you leave the house for work at all?

P: No, I work from home.

D: OK, sounds good. So you have some muscle aches, little bit of fever, stuffy nose, sore throat, do you have any difficulty swallowing?

P: Uh no, it just hurts.

D: OK, so you're still able to swallow food, swallow liquids?

P: Yes, that's right. 

D: It doesn't feel like anything is going down the wrong way or have any coughing after you swallow?

P: No.

D: OK. And just in terms of coming back to this sore throat, do you feel like you have any swelling around your neck? Does it feel inflamed or swollen?

P: No.

D: Nothing like that?

P: No.

D: OK, alright, excellent. So you're eating well, doing well, any changes to your bowel movements recently? 

P: Uh no, no. 

D: OK, alright, I'll just kind of go into other things, just in terms of anything else that you might have had in the past, uh have you ever been hospitalized for any reason in your life?

P: I had my gallbladder taken out five years ago.

D: OK, so that was around when you were 50 years old?

P: Uh yes.

D: OK. And any other surgeries you've had in your life? 

P: Uh no. 

D: No, anything you've had to see a doctor for?

P: Um I, in the past couple of years uh just for things like like this I guess um colds, um I'm pre diabetic, so I've been checking my glucose levels, yeah other than that nothing else.

D: So no high blood pressure?

P: No.

D: No cholesterol issues?

P: No.

D: OK, so it sounds like you've been pretty healthy otherwise.

P: Yeah.

D: Excellent, OK. Do you have any allergies? To medications or otherwise.

P: Penicillin.

D: Penicillin, what happens when you take penicillin?

P: Um I get a rash.

D: OK. Any trouble breathing?

P: No. 

D: And what medications, if any, are you on? 

P: Um I'm, I just take multivitamins, that's it though.

D: And you said you lived with your husband in a house, um in London?

P: Um yes, that's right.

D: What do you two do for work?

P: So I work from home as a digital marketing agent and my husband is a computer programmer.

D: OK. And do you smoke?

P: No. 

D: Do you drink alcohol?

P: Uh I drink once once in a while.

D: OK. And when you drink, how many drinks do you have?

P: Um about one or two glasses of wine.

D: Got it. Any other recreational drugs, substances?

P: Um no,

D: So no marijuana, heroin, cocaine?

P: I've tried marijuana before, just like edibles, but not, not regularly.

D: Understood. And have you ever used IV drugs? 

P: No.

D: OK, and when was your last menstrual period?

P: It was um a year ago.

D: A year ago?

P: Mhmm.

D: OK. And then otherwise, so we talked a little bit about recent travel. It sounds like you have the hiking trip last week and you passed some people, but it sounds like your husband also has kind of similar symptoms that you do right now.

P: Yeah.

D: Sounds good, now we've already talked about kind of past medical issues. Moving on, I think what we'll do next is move on to a physical exam. But before I do that, do you have any questions for me? Anything else you feel I should know?

P: No, do you think I have covid?

D: It's a possibility. It's always good to rule these things out, so we'll be ordering a covid swab no matter what. Obviously with any presentation where we have someone come in with a fever and sore throat, we want to rule out anything infectious. So it sounds like if your husband got it, and you have it, covid would be our first thing that we want to rule out. So just while we're trying to investigate, work this up further, I want to have you and your husband self isolate. The other question I suppose I should ask is, have you gotten your flu shot this year?

P: No, I haven't.

D: So it's also a possibility it might be influenza, just the seasonal flu. But until we, I suppose rule out covid, it'd be best just to keep to yourself just in case you are infectious for the meanwhile.

P: OK, sure.

D: Alright, well I'm going to go talk to the Doctor and I'll be coming back in to see you, OK?

P: Alright, great thank you.

D: Take care.