D: I was wondering if you could start by telling me what brought you in.

P: Sure, you know I've been feeling a little hot for the past two days. I've had this awful cough and I just feel so tired.

D: OK and, this started two days ago?

P: Ah yes, two days ago.

D: OK. Yeah, you've been feeling hot, have you checked your temperature?

P: Um no, I haven't actually checked my temperature, I just kind of put my hand on my forehead and I just feel really, really hot.

D: OK, so we'll we'll check it right now and. OK, so we're seeing that it's your temperature is elevated at 38.3 right now, so it does sound like you you have a fever. OK, and you mentioned that you had you have a cough?

P: Yeah, I do. It's it's a dry cough and it's awful. I've been hacking for the past two days.

D: Oh no, that doesn't sound very nice. Has it been any blood or any sputum?

P: No blood and no definitely no sputum. OK.

D: Anything that's like triggered the cough?

P: Um I don't, I don't think so. Um, No, I don't think so. 

D: No. OK, have you had a cough like this before?

P: Maybe like 10 years ago when I had some sort of viral infection, they said um. I had a dry cough, but nothing to this extent.

D: OK, um have you had any infections recently, like in the last month or so, like a viral illness? Um, like where you had maybe like a runny nose sore throat and and a cough?

P: No, no not not recently.

D: OK, so you've been feeling well recently?

P: Yeah. 

D: OK, and you've you been fatigued. Can you tell me a little bit about about how you been feeling?

P: Ah yeah, like you mean in terms of my fever or cough?

D: Oh sorry I mean in terms of your energy.

P: Oh my energy yeah, I've just been feeling so tired, it seems like I can't do normally would be. I would normally have no issues doing.

D: I see OK, and any changes to sleep or any kind of stressful events happen in the last few days that, might be causing you to be more tired. 

P: I don't think so. Nothing, nothing big has happened in my life. No big changes. 

D: OK um. And so you've had a fever, cough, and being tired. Have you experienced any other symptoms these last few days?

P: Um yep, fever, cough, fatigue. But um I don't have anything any other symptoms besides those.

D: OK, so you you do you have any headaches?

P: Oh headaches? No, no. 

D: OK, how about any eye or or ear symptoms like discharge or pain?

P: No, nothing like that. 

D: OK, have you had a loss of taste or a loss of smell?

P: No.

D: Alright, and have you had a runny nose or sore throat?

P: No. 

D: OK. Have you had any chest pain?

P: Nope, no chest pain.

D: And how about difficulty breathing or shortness of breath?

P: Nope, no. 

D: OK, and any wheezing or whistling noises while you're breathing?

P: No.

D: OK, and have you felt like your heart's racing at all?

P: Ah no.

D: Have you had any like fainting spells or feeling as though you might pass out? 

P: Um nope, no.

D: Alright, and how about any dizziness?

P: Oh no no dizziness either.

D: Alright and have you had any nausea or vomiting?

P: No.

D: Alright, and how about any diarrhea or constipation?

P: No.

D: Alright, um any abdominal pain?

P: No.

D: And any like, painful urination or or like going to the bathroom frequently?

P: No.

D: Alright. Any night sweats 

P: No. 

D: And how about any chills or rigors?

P: No.

D: Have you had any weight loss over the last several months?

P: None. 

D: Alright, have you noticed any rashes or skin changes over this past week?

P: No.

D: Alright, and how about any muscle aches or or joint pains?

P: Um no.

D: Alright, so is there any reason that you see a physician regularly for, or been diagnosed with any medical conditions?

P: Mmm, I have rheumatoid arthritis.

D: OK, uh, are you taking medications for that?

P: Um, yeah, you know they put me on some sort of DMARD.

D: OK, so you're you're seeing a rheumatologist for that? 

P: Mmm, I am.

D: OK, great um, any other diagnoses?

P: No.

D: OK, and so uh. Are there any other medications that you that you take, either over the counter or prescription besides the DMARD?

P: I take iron and vitamin D, as well as biotin.

D: OK, uh, what's the reason for taking iron?

P: Uhh at one point or another they said my iron levels were low, but it went back to being normal, but I just take it now to maintain those levels.

D: OK, um do you have like heavy menstrual periods?

P: No.

D: OK, and have you noticed any blood in the stool, either either being red or or your stool being really dark, kind of like a black colour?

P: Nope. 

D: OK, um, and do you have any allergies?

P: No allergies. 

D: Alright, uh, and then. Can you tell me a little bit about your living situation?

P: I live with two of my children. They are five and three, as well as my new boyfriend.

D: OK, great and for either of your pregnancies, were there any complications? 

P: No.

D: OK, great um and are there any concerns for safety in the home? 

P: No.

D: OK, excellent. And what do you do for work?

P: I work as a secretary for an accounting firm.

D: OK, that sounds like a great job. And. Uh, do you smoke cigarettes? 

P: I used to. I quit five years ago.

D: Alright, and do you smoke marijuana? 

P: No.

D: OK, and do you use any other recreational drugs? 

P: No.

D: OK um. And. Has anybody in the house been sick? Either your boyfriend or or your children? 

P: No.

D: OK, are they going to like daycare right now or in school?

P: They are in daycare, yeah.

D: OK. Um, any kids in their daycare that have been sick?

P: No. I checked no one's been sick.

D: Alright, excellent is that anybody in the office where you work been sick?

P: No.

D: And have you traveled anywhere?

P: No. 

D: OK, and then anybody in the family have a heart condition or or lung condition?

P: No. 

D: OK, no. An any cancer that that's runs in the family?

P: Um, one of my aunts had pancreatic cancer.

D: OK, any relatives have breast cancer? 

P: No.

D: How about any relatives with ovarian or colon cancer? 

P: No. 

D: OK. And so I think that was all of the questions that I wanted to ask. Actually I just remembered one. Have you had any prior surgeries?

P: No. No priors.

D: OK, sorry, so that was the last question that I wanted to ask about on on history um was there anything that you wanted to tell me that I maybe I didn't ask about?

P: No, I think you covered it all.

D: OK, excellent, so with your symptoms of having a kind of a fever, cough, and being tired, definitely concerned of viral infection and possibly COVID-19 or something more common, like the common cold, like an adenovirus. And so will do some testing for for COVID-19 with a nasal PCR swab as well as run some blood work. Um because there is a possibility that there's a bacterial infection, such as like a pneumonia or lower respiratory tract infection that would be treated with antibiotics so. We uh yeah, we'll order those investigations along with a chest X Ray. And we will go from there. 

P: OK, that sounds great. Thank you so much. 

D: You're welcome.

