D: So what brings you in here today?

P: So I've had this stuffy nose for the past three days. I'm getting some yellow discharge from the nose. I can't seem to smell well. And I have had this terrible headache for the past two days as well.

D: OK, so just to kind of get a timeline, what kind of started first?

P: So first, my nose was kind of stuffy. And and then I started having this yellow discharge from the nose and then I kind of lost some of my smell. And then now my head hurts. It's not even like, it's not like a headache, it's like a facial pressure 

D: OK. And have you had any of these symptoms before?

P: No, never. 

D: OK. Alright, have you noticed...so you said like the discharge is yellow, how much of the discharge are you having like in a day?

P: Like probably enough to fill the inside of my palm.

D: OK, and have you been having any fevers or chills?

P: Uh, no,  nothing like that. I did have what they thought was a viral infection a week back. 

D: OK. And did you recover from it, like on your own?

P: Yeah, it went away on its own.

D: OK, so it was just, you just had some cold-like symptoms?

P: Yeah, that's right.

D: OK, alright, have you been coughing at all?

P: Uh, no. 

D: OK, any sore throat?

P: No.

D: Any trouble breathing?

P: No.

D: Any loss of sense of taste or smell?

P: I guess loss of smell.

D: OK, and did that come after the congestion or was it present before?

P: The loss of smell came after the congestion.

D: OK, and would you say you're still pretty congested?

P: I think so, yeah. 

D: OK. And has it been getting worse would you say? Or do you feel that it's getting better?

P: Um, I would say it's getting worse.

D: OK, and right now what would you say is the most troubling symptom for you? Is it that pressure in your face or is it the congestion?

P: It's the...it's the pressure in my face. It hurts. 

D: Yeah, have you tried any medications, over the counter medications at all?

P: I tried some nasal sprays. And like decongestions but it's not really helping. 

D: OK. And so you've tried nasal sprays? Have you tried any of those, like nasal rinses, or anything like that?

P: Yeah, and they don't seem to be helping.

D: I see, OK. Any recent contact with anyone who's been ill or any recent travel? 

P: Uh, no. 

D: OK, any nausea or vomiting? 

P: Uh, no.

D: Any fevers or chills?

P: No. 

D: Any fatigue?

P:: Yeah, I've been feeling tired.

D: OK, and how many days would you say you've been feeling tired for?

P: Uh, I would say for the past three days?

D: OK, and do you feel that, you know you're having some discharge, but do you feel that there is mucous building up and dripping down your throat or anything like that?

P: Yeah, now that you mention it, it does feel like that.

D: OK, and have you noticed at all or has someone told you that your breath might smell bad? Or have you noticed it yourself?

P: Oh gosh, I hope not, no. No one said that.

D: OK yeah, sometimes with like mucous buildup it can affect like your breath as well. So yeah, just wondering. Any chest pain at all?

P: No, no chest pain.

D: Constipation or diarrhea?

P: No.

D: Any issues with urinating?

P: No, no issues there.

D: Any changes in your sleep or appetite?

P: Well, I guess sleeping is a little bit harder now because of the pressure in my face, but other than that, no.

D: OK, is there anything that helps you at all that you've tried?  

P: Like just the positions of how I'm sleeping sometimes helps, yeah.

D: OK, so this has been going on for, just remind me again, like the last four day?

P: Yeah, the last three days, last three days.

D: OK. Do you have any other medical conditions at all that you've been diagnosed with in the past?

P: No, not that I can think of.

D: OK. Alright, so have you noticed at all any weight changes? 

P: No. 

D: OK, and have you been exposed to like fumes or dust? Or how do you have any animals or pets at home?

P: No, nothing like that.

D: OK, and do you take any medications or anything regularly?

P: Um no, I just take some multivitamins. 

D: OK, and do you know if you have any allergies?

P: I just have some, I just have some seasonal allergies. 

D: OK, any previous hospitalizations or surgeries?

P: Uh, no, actually I had my appendix taken out when I was 12. 

D: OK. Right, and do you have any family history of any conditions, like any lung conditions, heart conditions, any cancers?

P: Um, I know that there's some asthma that runs in the family.

D: OK, and have you ever been diagnosed with asthma?

P: No.

D OK. Where currently where do you live?

P: I live in a house with my husband and my 3 year old daughter. 

D: OK. And do you currently smoke cigarettes? 

P: No.

D: Do you drink alcohol? 

P: I don't.

D: Any recreational drugs like marijuana?

P: Um, I'll smoke a joint or two once a week.

D: Ok, a joint or two, OK. And is that, is that just recreationally or has it been helping at all with your symptoms?

P: Uh, that's just recreationally. 

D: OK. Alright, yeah, so those are all the questions I had for you today. Do you have any questions at all for me?

P: Uh, no, what was like, what do you think I have?

D: Yeah, so from the symptoms that you're describing, it does seem more like sinus issues. There's a sinus behind your face and what can happen is if you get an infection, like all the the mucous and everything can build up and increase the pressure. That's the pressure you're feeling underneath your face.  It's because of a sinus infection most likely. And usually like, it's usually like a viral infection that can go away on its own. We usually ask patients to try the nasal rinses, and then some oral decongestents. Or have you tried any anti histamines?

P: No, I haven't. 

D: OK, so no antihistamines. It seems most likely that you have a sinus infection. It can be bacterial with the yellow discharge that you're having as well. So we can give you some antibiotics, so will give you some. Amoxicillin. 

P: Sure.

D: So it's only been three day since you're having these symptoms, right?  And you haven't had any high fever or anything like that? Have you measured your temperature?

P: I haven't, I haven't, no. 

D: OK.

P: I don't feel hot though.

D: OK, since it's been three days, what I'm going to do is still give you some antibiotics so Amoxicillin and then we'll see like after you finish that dose how you feel. And will set up another appointment for when we can do like a phone appointment and or clinic appointment when your doses are done. Does that sound good?

P: Yeah that sounds great. Thank you. 

D: OK, you're welcome and hopefully you feel better.

P: Thank you.

D: Take care.

P: You too.