D: Can you just tell me what brings you in here today?

P: Yeah, my chest is really hurting.

D: OK, and where where does it hurt exactly?

P: It's hard to say the exact location, but more on the left side of my chest.

D: OK, and is it like what kind of pain is it? Is it like a dull aching pain, or is it as sharp or stabbing pain?

P: The pain is. It's stabbing, but also it feels really really tight in my chest.

D: OK, and if you're to rate it on a scale of zero to 10, zero being the least amount of pain you felt in your life and 10 being the worst, how much would you rate it? 

P: I think at 6.

D: Six, OK. And when did it start?

P: It started this morning just right after I got out of bed.

D: OK, so you weren't doing anything like you weren't doing any activities, you just woke up from sleep? 

P: Yeah I got outta bed. I was just trying to get dressed and all of a sudden I got this tightness and and stabbing pain on the left side of my chest.

D: OK, approximately how many hours ago was that?

P: I I would say about. Six hours ago.

D: OK, and has it been as a pain getting worse at all?

P: Uh, it's it's getting worse.

D: It's getting worse, OK. And have you had any similar sort of pain in the past before?

P: Um nothing like this before. 

D: No, OK. And is the pain going anywhere else or is it just staying in your chest? 

P: The pain is just in my chest. 

D: OK. And does anything that you do make it feel better?

P: Sitting up tends to make it feel a bit better. 

D: OK, and does anything you do make it get, make the pain get worse? 

P: It gets worse every time I breathe in.

D: OK, and what kind of pain do you get when you breathe in?

P: It's a sharp stabbing pain.

D: OK and apart from the pain, are you having any other symptoms like a cough or shortness of breath and anything like that?

P: Yeah, with the pain, I'm having a hard time breathing.

D: OK. OK, I just have a few other questions. Uh, have you recently had any kind of trauma or injury to your chest at all?

P: Um no. 

D: OK, have you traveled at all recently?

P: I was in in Italy for the past three weeks actually, just got back last night.

D: OK. And have you been experiencing any kind of nausea or vomiting, or fever or chills?

P: No. No nausea or vomiting. I did take my temperature, no. Sorry I did not take my temperature, but I've been having chills the last few days.

D: OK, uh, and uh, yeah, just curious have you been having any kind of swelling at all in your feet or ankles?

P: Ah, my legs felt a bit swollen on the way back on the airplane, but they tend to swell so I didn't think anything of it.

D: OK so they have swollen up before but you saw them swollen this time as well?

P: Yeah. 

D: OK. And have you been feeling at all fatigued at all?

P: I've been really tired with all of the traveling, so I think maybe I'm just jet lagged.

D: OK, have you noticed that all your heart racing, like any palpitations?

P: Yeah, since this morning it's felt like my heart is is racing.

D: OK, have you noticed any skin changes at all? Any rashes?

P: No rashes.

D: OK, have you noticed any cough, coughing at all?

P: I've had a cough since last week, but it feels much worse today.

D: OK, and has there been any kind of green slimy mucus in your cough at all?

P: No, it's been a dry cough. 

D: Dry cough, OK. and have you noticed at all coughing up blood?

P: No blood.

D: OK. And have you recently had any infections in the last month?

P: Yeah, a couple of weeks ago I had a runny nose and sore throat and a little bit of a headache but. I feel better from that now.

D: OK, and to just go away by itself, or did you have to take any medications?

P: It just went away on its own 

D: OK. Have you been feeling any kind of dizziness at all?

P: I have a little bit of yeah, um dizziness when I when the pain gets really bad.

D: OK, and I know you mentioned some swelling in your legs and your ankles, but have has any of your legs been hurting at all?

P: My left leg hurts really bad right now, but my entire body has been achy these past few days.

D: OK, and then you're right, like do you know where it hurts?

P: Um. I think just like in the calf. 

D: In the calf, OK. OK, and do you have any past medical history any like hypertension that like diabetes? So any conditions that you've been diagnosed with?

P: No, I I'm healthy.

D: OK, any allergies to medications?

P: No allergies.

D: OK, do you take any birth control or multi vitamins?

P: Yeah, I take a daily birth control pill and also a daily multi vitamin.

D: OK, and how long have you been on the birth control pill?

P: Um, for two years.

D: OK, any hospitalizations recently?

P: Um none that I can think of.

D: Any ill Contacts?

P: No.

D: Any surgeries in the past?

P: No surgeries. 

D: OK, in your family, has anyone had any conditions like has anyone passed away from a heart attack any cancers, anything like that?

P: No cancer, but my mother died of a heart attack when she was 43. And my grandma also had a heart attack when she when she was younger. I wanna say in her 50s but I don't exactly remember how old.

D: And currently right now, where do you live? Do you live in like a house, apartment? 

P: Yeah, I live in an apartment by myself. 

D: OK, and do you currently work? 

P: Yeah, I'm in charge of um a retail store as a manager there.

D: OK and do drink?

P: Sometimes on weekends or if I'm socializing with friends, but not very often.

D: OK, and do you use any recreational drugs like marijuana?

P: Never. 

D: OK, and do you smoke?

P: Yes, I smoke about 2 packs of cigarettes per day. And I've been smoking since I was 12.

D: OK. Alright and in terms of your daily routine like do you get any exercise? 

P: Uh, not really. Life's a bit too busy and hectic right now right now, unfortunately.

D: OK. And how about your diet like what is your regular diet look like?

P: A lot of fast food. I know I could work on that, but again, with the busy lifestyle we tend to eat a lot of fried foods and fatty foods. I know I could do better.

D: OK. Great thank you. 
