D: What brings you here today?

P: Yeah, so I'm bringing my um daughter because uh over these last uh several months she's had this uh this cough that that comes on, um it'll be at night time or sometimes uh after, in gym class. Um and I know during these episodes she'll have a really hard time, kind of catching her breath and and sometimes will have a wheeze as well and and it's just gone away quickly in the past but been noticing it happening more often recently.

D: OK, so it's been going on for the last few months, but it's kind of getting worse?

P: Yeah, exactly yeah.

D: And how about the the coughing and the wheezing and the, does she have any kind of shortness of breath?

P: Um yeah she will like when it comes on, uh yeah she she has some shortness of breath.

D: OK, and um does this happen at all, like when she's exposed to dust or kind of after exerting herself?

P: Yeah it does. Yeah I think the like the first time that um that I was made aware of it was yeah in in gym class so it would've been after some exercise. Um and, dust, uh, I'm I'm not sure. 

D: OK. Um does she have a dry cough or wet cough when she gets these spells? 

P: Uh dry.

D: Dry, OK. Um did she bring up any sputum or blood at all?

P: No.

D: OK and are her symptoms at all constant, or do they come and go based on how much she's exerting herself?

P: They come and go. Yeah, like most of the time she's been OK, but uh, and sometimes she'll get a cough at night time too.

D: OK. Um so, and then has, does anything make, help you with your symptoms at all, or her symptoms?

P: Uh, um not really no.

D: OK.

P: Just resting I guess, sorry yeah, just just trying to relax.

D: OK, and any other symptoms like fevers or chills or sore throat, chest pain, anything like that?

P: No, nothing like that, um yeah, just the wheeze.

D: OK, any loss of her sense of taste or smell? 

P: No. 

D: OK, um any recent travel?

P: Uh no.

D: Um any contact with anyone who's been sick recently?

P: Uh she has a, uh, a younger brother that goes to daycare. Uh and I know um those kids can be sick all the time, but um her brother's been OK.

D: OK. Um does she complain of any kind of headaches or uh nausea or vomiting?

P: No, she doesn't. 

D: OK. Um any, have you noticed any fevers or chills?

P: No. 

D: OK, um any night sweats?

P: No.

D: OK. Um any changes in her bowel movements like constipation or diarrhea?

P: Nope, she hasn't had any change, changes like that.

D: OK, and any kind of uh changes in her sleep or appetite?

P: No, she's been eating well and and gaining weight. 

D: OK, um any, uh so she's been gaining weight um, any exposure to any mold, dust, um new rugs or animals at home?

P: Yeah, we do have um 2 cats at home.

D: OK.

P: Yeah, there are animals at home.

D: OK, how long have you had them?

P: Um for for about um yeah, just under a year. So yeah, just under a year.

D: OK um, has she been diagnosed at all with any medical conditions in the past?

P: Um, no, no, and when she was born she had to uh go in the, just be observed for a few um a couple of days for jaundice. She didn't need to have any therapy for it, it went away on its own, but that's about it. 

D: OK, and any um complications during the pregnancy with her?

P: No, everything was was normal and it was a vaginal delivery at at term.

D: OK, um any issues with the development, uh is she meeting her milestones in her growth, um meeting her milestones on her growth chart as well? 

P: Yeah, all of that has been has been normal.

D: OK, um any allergies to medications or environmental factors that you know of?

P: Not to um any medications that I'm aware of, but um she hasn't been tested, but she does get symptoms that uh kind of change with um seasons, like she'll get a runny nose and some itchy eyes um at different times throughout the year.

D: OK. Um any medications that she has been on at all?

P: So when that happens we just use um like she'll just take a uh like Reactine or like I don't know something like that, but just an allergy pill, um but it's yeah, that's it. 

D: OK, um and any hospitalizations or past surgeries?

P: No, luckily she's been healthy that way.

D: OK, um any family history of any lung or heart conditions?

P: I think uh yeah, yeah her grandfather has diabetes, but um that's it.

D: OK, uh, and currently what's her home situation like? Who does she live with?

P: Yeah, so she lives with um myself and uh her father and then younger younger brother. That's it, yeah, that's four. 

D: OK. Um OK, and does anyone smoke in the household?

P: Um no, they don't.

D: OK. Um OK, so those were all the questions I had. Um do you have any questions?

P: Uh, no, I just uh yeah just wanted to figure out what's going on with this cough.

D: OK, yeah, so it seems like the symptoms have been going on for a few months now. It seems that she gets them on exertion and um they're worsened by exertion. Um at this age, one thing that definitely we want to check is if she has asthma. Um she does have some other symptoms that um are associated with asthma, like it seems that she gets um, some irritation through environmental factors as well. So what we'll do uh for her is get something called a pulmonary function test for her to see, that'll test if she in fact has asthma or not, and then based on that we will uh see if she needs any puffers. Um that can help relieve some of her symptoms. Uh and lastly, since she's having a cough, we'll also do a like a Covid test just in case as well.

P: OK, yeah that that sounds good. Thank you.

D: Yeah, and no worries, and then we'll also do like a full physical examination.

P: That sounds great.

D: Alright. 