

D: What brings you in today?

P: Hey, so I just for the last couple days I've just been feeling really short of breath really rundown. Just like super tired and you know, normally really active and I'm just, I'm just having a rough go.

D: Is there is the shortness of breath knew for you? 

P: Yeah yeah, it's just like just like I can't. I don't know like I can't catch up. I kind of just feel I feel a bit weak like I've just been feeling really tired and then because of that I haven't really been eating a lot so. Yeah, I don't know.

D: So. You've just been feeling very tired, can you I guess, like tell me a little bit more about your difficulty with breathing. When does it happen?

P: I think just like overall, I'm finding it like it's hard to hard to get like super deep breaths it's not like I I can't. I don't get the feeling that I can't breathe. It's just that everything's a little bit more like laborious.

D: OK. And you said that it started a few days ago. Have you had any other symptoms other than the difficulty breathing and the fatigue?

P: I mean. I felt I think I felt really hot yesterday. I don't know the thermometer, but I had my wife put her put her hand on my forehead and she got a I felt pretty warm. And come to think of it, I this morning I, I really I didn't eat much because I just haven't been that hungry, but I don't really feel like I couldn't really taste my breakfast.

D: Has that ever happened to you before?

P: No never I like, I like my food.

D: Me too, um OK, what about your sense of smell? Do you feel like you're not you are not able to smell well either?

P: I haven't thought about it too hard, but yeah, kind of.

D: OK. And have you had a cough? 

P: Uh I don't know I. I feel like I maybe could be starting starting one. 

D: Sure.

P: Like it's when it feels dry like it's on its way. Haven't really been coughing much.

D: I see, what about a sore throat?

P: I’m starting to feel a little bit like that. Like I don't know if I'm imagining it, but yeah, I I think so. 

D: I see OK. Have you had a runny nose or any congestion?

P: No. 

D: Any headaches? 

P: Uh. Good question, I I kind of I get I get headaches fairly often I don't think I'm getting any more than usual, but I have had a little bit. 

D: OK. Is the headache that you've had different in quality from the headaches that you usually get?

P: I mean, I don't know, I don't know. I usually get kind of difficult stress headache, you know?

D: Yeah yeah. 

P: Pretty well. I am stressed, just that I you know, might be sick.

D: And have you had any changes in your vision or hearing?

P: No.

D: In the past three four days, no OK. Any nausea or vomiting?

P: No, no, I haven't.

D: Have you had any chest pain?

P: Uh, like it's. No, yeah no. No chest pain.

D: Any do you feel like your heart's beating really fast?

P: No, I wouldn't say so. 

D: OK, have you had any pain in your belly?

P: No. Cause I I meant I haven’t really been eating but yeah.

D: OK, any urinary symptoms?

P: No, I don't think so.

D: OK. And you mentioned you have muscle aches, is it, so all over your body or is it a specific part, specific area?

P: I would just say I feel kind of overall achy.

D: OK, 

P: Um not any one spot.

D: Any numbness or tingling in your arms or legs? 

P: Uh, no. 

D: OK. All right, have you had any exposure to anyone who could potentially be sick?

P: Well. My grandkids, uh, visited last weekend and my grandson has a cold. He goes to daycare. Yeah, so I'm not really. I'm not really sure like he's been staying home and they didn't. They didn't really know that when they came to visit.

D: OK, that's yeah, uhm OK. And have you traveled anywhere outside the province? 

P: No no.

D: OK alright. Do you have any medical conditions that you've been diagnosed with? 

P: Uhm? I'm pretty, I'm pretty healthy. I have some um like reflux that I see my doctor for. And I've had I've had some difficulties like with like urinating a little bit. Yeah, my my prostate's a little big like it's not cancer but. So just those two things that aren't that aren't there that really big deal they don't affect my life too much.

D: Are you taking any medications for either problem? 

P: I take avodart.

D: OK. 

P: And for the the reflux I take a tums here and there I used to be on a medication, but it seemed like I kind of figured out the foods that were going to help, so I stopped. 

D: Great, that's great. Any allergies to medications, foods, or environmental allergies?

P: Uh no, no 

D: No, and any medical conditions that run in the family? Specifically, anything related to the lungs?

P: No, not that I can think of.

D: And do you you mentioned that your grandkids have came to visit. Do you live alone?

P: Uh no. I live with my wife.

D: And are you currently working or are you staying at home?

P: Uh, I'm working from home. I I, I've gone out a few times to see clients. I work as a financial advisor. I've gone to see a couple clients that are really old and have a hard time doing stuff over the phone or over the computer, but I'm like 95% from home.

D: Have you gone to see any clients in the past three or four days or in the past week?

P: No, no, it's probably been a couple weeks since I saw anyone .

D: Sure OK. And do you smoke? Or did you ever smoke at the past?

P: No, I I maybe did for maybe like three years in my 20s. It wasn’t heavily yes.

D: Any marijuana or recreational drugs?

P: No.

D: Any alcohol? 

P: I usually have a whiskey or two on the weekends. 

D: OK alright. Uh so it sounds like you have some sort of an infection with the fevers and fatigue and muscle aches, and then the difficulty breathing, of course, and then your sensation, that sensation that you are having a very cool sort of a sore throat and cough that you might be getting. We can't necessarily rule out covid just yet. 

P: Thats what I was worried about.

D: Yeah, and given that you're having difficulties breathing, we're also going to have a look at your chest and do it physical exam, but also do a chest X Ray just to make sure, or just to see if there's anything a infection that is settling in your chest, and a covid swab and then uh go from there. We’ll decide whether you need to stay in the, you need to stay in the hospital and if you can go home based on those results, but if you are to go home, we would request that you stay away from from everyone, so including your wife. Try to self isolate as much as possible and your results should come out in 24 to 48 hours and then the public health nurse should tell you what to do if your results are positive.

P: OK, OK no, that sounds fair,

D: All right. Well, let's do a physical exam and then go from there.

P: OK. Thank you. 

D: You're welcome.

