

D: So what brings you to the clinic today?

P: Hi so I just like for I don't know like three or four days I’ve been having this really dry cough and my throat feels really scratchy. I just feel kinda crappy overall. And my head’s pounding

D: Your heads pounding. You have a headache right now?

P: Yeah, little bit. I just kind of feel just icky.

D: OK, and you say I've been feeling that for three to four days now. 

P: Yeah, yeah exactly

D: What did you first notice?

P: I first noticed that my throat was kind of scratchy and then I started coughing, but it's really like dry.

D: OK, so you haven't been bringing anything up with it?

P: No, 

D: Any flem?

P: no nothing.

D: OK, you haven't been noticing been running a temperature at home. Have you hot fevers?

P: I have felt really hot.

D: You felt hot at home, OK, 

P: yeah, 

D: You noticed any night sweats by night sweats. I mean you wake up sheets are soaked.

P: I honestly I felt hot like all the time like yeah yeah night. I feel hot but during the day too I'm just like I'm I'm like hey I'm wearing like just shorts and like a tank top and I just still feel really hot.

D: OK. You notice, skin changes anything in your arms or legs it looks weird? New rashes? 

P: I don't. I don't think so. I haven't really been looking, but you know.

D: No worries and then aside from that, any nausea? Any vomiting?

P: No, not that. No, nothing like that.

D: Any diarrhea?

P: No no. 

D: Any aches in your joints anywhere?

P: No. I mean, I'm I'm tired, but I don't think they're not like hurting.

D: OK, so aside that aside from kind of this dry cough feeling hot that otherwise you're feeling OK. You don't have any other real concerns aside from that.

P: Yeah, just like I just feel crappy like. Yeah, I really. I don't think I know that's not like a a real like way to say. 

D: Oh no, no, it's perfectly valid. We called that Malays in general. Just feeling a little bit off. Alright so this is going to talk about you for a little bit, but first, we'll get to that later. So any issues that you've seen a doctor for before? 

P: I have I have allergies. Usually in like the spring in the fall.

D: Do you have any allergies to any medications?

P: No, no nothing like that. It's just like I get, really bad allergies like I I've seen an allergist and some years I've gotten allergy shots. But like not every year. Otherwise, I'll take like Claritin. This isn't like this is maybe around like this is just before they normally start, so I don't really have them right now.

D: OK. 

P: Probably like in a few weeks they'd be really bad.

D: Now do any of these allergies can't make it difficult to breathe or you feel like your face is swelling up?

P: Uh. Like it feels like a little bit like plugged up an like what's that called like post nasal drip? But I don't really feel like I can't breathe. 

D: It's just like a little stuffy. 

P: Yeah, yeah, exactly.

D: And these shots at the allergist gave you, how often would you get those?

P: Those are the ones that I'd have like once. Usually like once a week for a little while, like in the winter before.

D: OK, so you don't carry an EpiPen with you.

P: No, no, they said it's not like one of those allergies and it's just like it's just like the seasonal ones. But they're just bad. 

D: OK, sounds good. So you've seen an allergist. Any other doctors that you've seen in your life? 

P: My family doctor. I don’t really go very often.

D: OK, has there been any health issues that you've had in the past?

P: No, like I've been really healthy. It's just like the allergies and.

D: OK, any surgeries in your life?

P: Uh, no, no. 

D: No. Are you takin any medications right now?

P: I take. Claritin for allergies but I haven't like right now. I just have it with me just in case. I take birth control.

D: What type of birth control do you take? 

P: Deyo

D: OK and you take that regularly?

P: Yeah, it's just like the pill. It's like the one that goes for three months.

D: OK, so you don't have an IUD now you just take the oral contraception?

P: Yeah yeah, just the pill got it.

D: Got it. OK and then so you never had asthma in your life?

P: No. 

D: OK, any family history of asthma?

P: Like my cousin.

D: OK, what about your parents, brothers, sisters?

P: No, nothing like that.

D: Do you know what eczema is?

P: Like, I've heard of it.

D: OK, anyone in the family have it?

P: No. Like the only thing, like my dad has allergies too. Same kind as me.

D: OK . Dad has allergies. OK, mother and father still alive? 

P: Yeah. 

D: Healthy? 

P: Yeah.

D: OK good, do you live with them right now?

P: Yeah, yeah, like I'm in high school.

D: OK so you live in a house with both your parents. OK any brothers sisters?

P: Yeah I have a little brother.

D: How old’s he? 

P: Like 14 now.

D: Has anyone in the family been sick recently?

P: I think my brother we had like a cold a few weeks ago

D: He had a cold. 

P: Yeah. 

D: OK. 

P: But like we are doing our school from home now so.

D: Got it. 

P: My mom works from home and my dad just works like on the farm so. So no one's been like seeing anyone or going anywhere to get sick.

D: OK, so sorry, do you live on a farm?

P: Yeah, 

D: OK, in London?

P: Like just outside.

D: OK. Any travel or anywhere recently?

P: No, like I just just came here. But like I don't really leave the house 

D: So last last two weeks you haven't left the country? 

P: No.

D: Nothing like that.

P: I wish. 

D: You keep any animals on the farm?

P: We have like a dog, but it's not like an animal farm 

D: Got it. OK, another questions, are you sexually active?

P: Uh no.

D: But you're taking the birth control? OK, so when was your last menstrual period?

P: Like like I just got done like a week ago.

P: A week ago. And you haven't been sexually active since then. 

P: No. 

D: OK. So chances of being pregnant very low.

P: Oh Oh yeah yeah, it's been like a year.

D: Got it got it alright, do you smoke? Cigarettes?

P: No. 

D: Do you drink alcohol?

P: Like before Covid, when I saw my friends like sometimes a little bit but like not really anymore. 

D: OK, how much would you drink when you went out?

P: Oh like, I mean, our parents would sometimes let us have like a couple coolers, but like that, was it?

D: Got it. Any other drugs? Marijuana, cocaine?

P: Like I tried marijuana once at a party like a couple years ago, but like I had, I never did it again.

D: Got it so none of the harder drugs, cocaine, heroin? 

P: No.

D: And I gotta ask this question for everyone. Have you ever injected drugs or anything into your arm or your body?

P: No.

D: OK. Alright, thanks Jessica. So just to summarize, you kind of had a three to four day dry cough with a little bit of fever, some headache, and just in terms was quickly reviewing then. So you have been bringing anything up. No one in contact with these recently been sick. You don't have asthma, your not taking any medications aside from Claritin, and your little brother might have been sick about two weeks ago with kind of a common cold and we're hoping to get out of this visit is just kind of next steps and where to go from here, correct?

P: Yeah, like, I just want to know if I have to like take medicine or something. 

D: OK. Alright perfect Thank you very much. You have any more questions?

P: No, I don't know. I don't have any more questions. I just like I can go home soon like lay down.

D: Sounds good, thanks Jessica.

